I wish there was an app that scans your soul and tells you which book you should be reading. Or that more bookstores still existed.
Wish there was an app that told you where people's outfits are from 🙈
Do I seriously need an app to flip a f’ing photo on iOS?
I need an app that could remind me 3 times a day to take my medic.
there needs to be an app to take off the words on your snapchat pictures after you save them DAMNIT
Barbers need an app that shows a live feed so you can see how many heads in front of you.
I want to invent an app that will recognise a phone number from a photo. Anyone into it?
I wish there was an app that had everyone that was on tinder on it and reviews of them so you knew if they were worth your time or not
Wish there was an app that allows you to automatically respond to your text messages with "Do Not Disturb"
I need an app that disengages Snapchat past 1am on the weekends. 😳😲
I want an app that senses how many people there are in a certain area, like a room or house
Help, I need an app to edit photos for my Instagram
I need an app that downloads music😩
need an app that auto replies: "Texting to this number costs $4.99 per text. To agree and have this fee billed to your phone hit reply"
Need an app that records time and corresponding activity
Someone needs to create an app that automatically blocks accounts who put Fox News links in your mentions.
lily just said she wished there was an app that let you see outside while you were inside they're called windows
We need an app that will tell us who is bae texting when they not texting you.
I wish there was an app to tell me how many open seats drove past me when needing a vehicle life #backpacklife #hitchhikersguidetothegalaxy
i need an app that'd unfollow all magcon and sirene stans pls
Need to find an app to download music
there needs to be an app for woke black singles in ur area
Wish there was an app that forced people to answer your calls
there needs to be an app for recording things on the ipad or something
I wish there was an app that can find your keys
Wish there was an app to tell you how many other people relieve the same snap as you from the person. Would be interesting.
Need help finding an app to download music 🆘
Need an app that locates the nearest ice cream truck
Need an app for holidays in Los Angeles: Fireworks or Gun shots.
i wish there was an app that would tell me exactly where something is in my house
Need an app that tells me if a bar stocks Hennessy or not
I wish there was an app to see who passed ur Instagram post w/o liking it 😂😂😂
They need an app to delete your number from other people's phones
i wish there was an app to find your keys
I need an app that notifies me when I'm within one mile of a place that sells crepes
i need to get me an app to aldi's.
Someone needs to create an app that automatically blocks numbers that wait for the voicemail to start recording before they hang up
I've searched and searched but I can't seem to find an app that will build an open fire for me.
Bartender has my back, informing me on an app to track when specific beers get on tap near me.
but seriously, is there an app that delivers snacks?! *will pay for cheetos, Doritos, ice cream, popcorn, a granola bar.. Anything*
Billion dollar idea: an app that deletes your phone number from other people’s phones.
Can't sleep so naturally I'm downloading an app to learn spanish
Need a car. or my dealer needs a delivery service. Shit shouldn't there be an app for that
I wish I had an app. that could glue shut people's mouths with just a click .
There needs to be an app to tell me whether it's shorts weather or not
#Libra need an app that sends them a warning text when they are within 50 feet of their ex.
I really quickly need an app that I can download music and listen to without wifi for tomorrow night like fuck
What I want is an app for my phone which will delete you as a friend and block all forms of communication when I see you use the '😂' emoji
I need an app that can get me A1 for priority on southwest seating
Why do we need an app for that?!?
I want an app that tells me when open parking is nearby. Preferably when I'm nearing my destination in google maps.
I need to develop an app that allows people to safely share nudes. No not snapchat
There needs to be an app that tells me who has me muted or blocked 😂😂😂 that would be interesting information.
They need to make an app that lets you delete a text you sent someone on accident.
Find my drivers license... Wish they had an app for that 😑
I wish there was an app that could show you inactive people on Instagram like people who never post or like things.
I wish there was an app that told you exactly what to eat and how to exercise to be in the best shape possible
I wish there was an app that blocked inspirational quotes.
Someone needs to create an app that removes the annoying rap parts that ruin what would be an otherwise good song...
Wish there was an app to tell you how crowded the gym is before you get there 😑
Need an app for timeline detox. Too many left v. right battles. (But it must detox in a fair manner, lest there be some lingering bias)
I need an app to control time
At what point while planning a funeral, does one think "I need an app for this"?
I need an app to download music.... Android users, helpppp
I wish there was an app that disabled the text messaging feature of my phone when I'm in my feels.
I need an app that can hold all my passwords to my different accounts. Any suggestions? Problems of having a goldfish memory 😭
I wish there was an app to yell at bus drivers to hurry up
Can you block words on twitter? If so how? If not there desperately needs to be an app for it. I'd start with Jenner, Dolezal and Mazlan.
I wish there was an app that told you how many people had you blocked on Twitter
i want an app that tells me the first time joey gallo hits a ball the other way. can someone make that?
They need an app for free music downloading!
I wish there was an app that saved your place in a Netflix program the minute you fall asleep
I wish Limewire had an app for the iPhone 😂
I wish there was an app that let you make and use your own emojis
I wish there was an app to drake my face
I need an app that has really good ab workouts
I wish they had an app that told you where all the cops were at in the city 🚔
I wish someone would invent an app that would allow you to delete your number out of someone else's phone.
They need an app to lock other apps for a certain amount of time #fareal
Someone need to invent an app that's all inclusive with the popular social media apps because I'm tired of all these passwords /downloads.
They need to invent an app that allows social media users pass weed to one another through their phones.
🆘I need an app to check my Instagram by computer
I wish there was an App to cut my grass.
There needs to be an app that blocks me from downloading tinder
There needs to be an app that alerts folks and lets them know when humour and/or sarcasm are being used, lest they embarrass themselves... 😞
I need an app that will play music offline for my plane ride soon? Anyone know of any apps???
i need an app that's set up like tinder but is for food...
I wish there was an app to open up my door
Me and mick need to invent an app to find local drug dealers
I really need an app that disables snapchat when I drink sos
I wish there was an app that would translate what nail ladies say when they start speaking their language! 💭💭
There needs to be an app that auto corrects swear words
They need an app that helps you find your tv remote when you lose it....
i wish there was an app that had a big count down to the boys next show and also showed the next following up shows with dates and places
I need an app that makes me look skinny in pictures
I wish there was an app that would listen to all my problems and respond back with a solution.
I need an app for making headers
i need an app that turns my phone into a remote
Someone needs to create an app that allows you to sync it with your twitter to see who people are subtweeting.
I need an app to check all the summer league scores
I wish there was an app that could show you your Instagram selfies in the future
Someone needs to stop invent an app that will reach out and slap people for believing everything they read on social media.
#WednesdayWisdom or maybe #WednesdayWondering when did we become people who needed an app for everything? What did we do before them... #ijs
I want an app that lets me track people
Whatsapp need develop an app for the ipads because switching between phone and tablet is not ideal?
I need an app that helps me find my headphones😩
I totally need an app to tell me when I'm feeling sleepy.
I wish there was an app that could put me to sleep immediately 😩
I wish someone really would create an app to nag me about half-read ebooks. Bookmarks used to be a valuable reminder of unfinished business.
#callofduty You know what somebody needs to make an App to find somebody to play any call of duty game on any system
You shouldn't need an app to help you take a moment to breathe....
I need an app that my mom just told me that you are the best thing ever is the most amazing thing ever.
There needs to be an app that tells you where the parties are
Wish there was an app to see your old bios. That would be horrifying
I want an app that goes through my mailbox and unsubscribes from all the crap that accumulated there. Email is not for communication anymore
Need go find an app that lets me have music without data for my holiday
wishing there was an app that tells me what there is to eat down stairs
I want an app that tells the user which radio station is currently playing "Uptown Funk".
I wish there was an app to scan someone for their stats like madden status: cooking -90 humor- 85
They need an app that tells you how much longer you gotta wait at a light.
I wish there was an app that showed the unedited pictures of people before it goes on Instagram...
I need an app that could rip audio off a video. Anyone?
I need an app that disallows me from using my phone when I've taken Ambien.
Someone needs to make an app that automatically puts a "." before every Tweet.
I wish there was an app that shows you all your near by plugs 👀😂
I need an app that's like Shazam, but for people's outfits and their make-up as well. Complete deets of brand and code. That'd be gold ✨
We need an app to predict if the next lift has been #Lynx bombed :-(
Kinda wish there was an app that would paint my nails for me 😅
I wish there was an app that gave some people a reality check
There needs to be an app that helps you think of Instagram captions.
Wish there was an app to see whats inside my fridge
I wish there was an app for that Lilo and Stitch sandwich stacking game...
I need an app that returns any texts about people having feelings back to the sender
Need an app for reading books....
I need an app that reads my tweets for me when I'm too busy to read them ;P *thinks I'm a genius* Not.
I wish there was an app that does the gradient option like photoshop
I want an app that automatically blocks the Daily Mail from being retweeted onto my Twitter feed. Or the Telegraph. Or the Express.
I need an app to download music. Not just mixtapes.
i need an app that will let me call for free
I need an app to close my recent apps
Need an app to find the closest the plug for which drug then you write a review and rate them 😂
I wish there was an app to unfavourite everything you favourited.
wish there was an app to tell me which people hate me or are just busy
I want an app to see how many people block me lmao
Someone needs to invent an app to remove superlatives from press releases
I wish there was an app to find your lost debit card
an app for children who want to find a compatible play-date::::kinder
Oh good grief. People need an app to keep them from wasting time on Facebook? Try little button at top right of page that says "log out."
wish there was an app that could find my god damn wallet bc as of now it's goneeeee
I wish there was an app to stream my phone to my tv💭
There needs to be an app to wake people up. Everyone always sleeps so early.
wish there was an app that would ban me from texting when I'm angry 😭
Someone needs to develop an app that visualizes tweetwars so they're more fun to watch.
There needs to be an app that alerts me if and when any member of One Direction's nudes leek
I wish there was an app to make you actually skinnier in person...without working out &amp; eating healthy
i need an app for music 😏
I wish it was an app to see who twatching you... sigh*
Laughing at how my grandpa wants me to get an app to track his Santa Fe station points and to enter him into a drawing 😂
I wish there was an App for my phone that showed me how to get to places by taking all gravel roads
I wish there was an app to see how long Chipotle's line was
There needs to be an app for night owls like me who never sleep and are bored as hell late at night
i need an app that can take the glasses glare out of my selfies
sos: need an app that reverses what you say for the backwards words challenge
I need an app to get dressed right now
I need to download an app to get my pictures onto my laptop
I want to create an app that reminds people to pay tithe.
I wish there was an app that was free and you'd play tick tack toe and if you won, it would magically give you money
Cydia needs an app for this damn game 😤
I wish there was an app that gives you notifications every time someone subtweets you
they need an app to undo updates
*sits there trying to figure out what app to use to organise,when he suddenly flips the table*I need an app to organize the organizing apps.
Need an app to help me forget people. Tired of myself now.
Need an app for personal document management..Lost in multiple copies..
I wish there was an app that could show you all the snaps you've put on your story
I need an app that can put my face on kanye's body.... #help
There needs to be an app that helps you pick the best selfie
I want an app for prayer timing please??
I need an app that reports about lines in public places! E.g. Supermarkets, restaurants etc. #innovation #Ideas #apps
Someone needs to create an app to identify birds
Need an app that will send me uplifting quotes😅
I need an app that just screams 'Put the phone down and go do something, idiot!' whenever I pick my phone up.
In need of an app to satisfy my boardism
They need to make an app to repost snapchats
Need an app that alerts you against your own acts of belligerence :|
I need an app to check the balance of my US iTunes account, while going about my business, logged into my Aus iTunes account.
Need an App to enable you to see who's blocked you have some big scalps on there
We need an app that can remove filters...
i need an app that senses when i'm frustrated and reminds me i'm moving far away soon
Someone needs to make an app that provides real-time updates on how ridiculous Wrigleyville is
Anybody at #8steps15 that might want to quote on creating an app for my new project?
I wish there was an app that showed me every meal everyone ate every day.
Dude I really wish there was an app to see who stalk you.
I wish there was an app for generating Iron Kingdoms profiles.
I wish there was an app that knew when payday was and could block access to online shopping on my phone/computer on that day.
Wish my phone had an app that tells me if the person in front of me has an std.
Someone needs to invent an app that blocks the number of selfies one can take in one day.
I need an app that wakes me up fifteen minutes earlier on days when it's raining...
Someone needs to create an app for that...
I wish there was an app that can tell you who the person next to you is. 😏 #Stalkers
i wish there was an app that could show me all the subtweets that have ever been made about me 👀
I really need someone to get on making an app that will block all snake pictures, videos, etc. from my phone at all times. 🚫🐍#getwithit
I need an app that alerts me if the #F1 is worth watching
I need an app that will slap anybody that replies my tweet with a meme.
I want to come up with an app that lets you trade facebook friends like baseball cards
I need an app that will switch camera's w/o interupting my filming
I need an app that puts password on my phone when I'm drunk so I won't send shit messages to someone or post/tweet anything stupid.
I need an app that has an icon and have someone size it for me or Give me a blank template in the size of the icon
We need an App that gathers tens of thousands of people together in stadiums for evangelistic meetings. We will name it 'InstaGraham'.
I need an iTunes card or an app to download music 😩
Anyone want an app that uses data from real economic models to let you play at balancing the budget... no?... just me? #budget2015
I need an app to place someone face over someone else's
I need an app that I can download music to my phone
I need an app for iphone to download music
I wish there was an app that could like show you all the snapchats you've sent people in the past. #MakeItHappen
I need an app that stops you from sending emails starting with "good afternoon" at 10am
I want an app that's like Facebook but the only page is Vin Diesel's page.
I need an app that allows you to change the color of an item in a picture but leaves the rest of the pic the same. UGH.
needs to be an app that senses when i'm hungry and disables my paypal account
I wish there was an app that told you what photo editing app someone uses on their insta.
There needs to be an app for smoke spots
Wow, that's bullshit. Why should I need to pay $35 for an app to fix my shit wobbly pen strokes in Photoshop?
i need an app that can delete my number off of other people's phones
Need an app that keeps track of how many times I've binge watched the entirety of Lost.
We need an app that will notify us when a tweep gets married, dig up all his/her 'I will never do' tweets &amp; update us when they do opposite
I wish they had an app that allows you to delete your number from other ppl's phones.
They need an app for flvs
If you get periods, do you use an app to keep track of your period? Which one?
There needs to be an app that notifies you any time an artist in your music releases a new album
I want an app to listen to Youtube videos. Yes, LISTEN.
Right I need an app that will stop me drunk texting people
They need to make an app for voting
There needs to be an app for ordering ice cream
Someone needa tell me an app to download music from youtube
I wish there was an app that just had travis Scott ad-libs
We seriously need an App to locate the nearest Adinkra Pie seller on a regular day.
I wish there was an app to fix the quality of a picture
I wish there was an app that played music based off of your mood
They need to make an app to where you can watch Netflix and in the corner FaceTime. Like a vital dating app.
I wish there was an app to create your own emojis
I wish there was an app for nintendogs
I wish there was an app to tell me how insane Shop Rite is. Screw traffic updates, Shop Rite annoys me more.
I wish there was an app that could tell you how bad your breath was.
I wish there was an app that would tell me exactly how much traffic and how crowded the beach is
They need to come out with an app that let's you know who around you has weed 😂😂
I wish there was an app that let you extract boys thoughts while they were sleeping. Then me always waking up first wouldn't be such a waste
I need an app that will flash this on my screen every 5 min that says "Hey dumbass txt ..... Back he's a lot hotter than you" #badtxter
There needs to be an app to locate &amp; rate barbers. For Black folks.
I want to make an app that draws complex geometric shapes. Anybody have resources or references for me? #dev #codepen #codegoals
Someone needs to invent an app to avoid all the hood traps
I need to create an app that enables people to set off other people's alarm!
Someone needs to develop an app for my phone that will literally stop me anytime I think drinking Fireball is a good idea. 😷
I wish there was an app that lets you see if someone sends you the same snap chat as a bunch of other people 😶
I really need an app that can save youtube videos please help me
is there an app to save your whole recent snapchat story cuz I want to save it all in one video 😭
So hard 2 unfriend so many random people on facebook. I need an app that can unfriend hundreds of people in 1 minute.. 😒
i want an app that tells you which account have muted you
There really needs to be an app to un-send texts
I need an app that punches me in the face when I try to order pizza.
I really need an app that protects me before making drunk texts.
i wish there was an app for ios like rhythm heaven
UPDATE: you wish their was an app to tell your rooms temp. No way in hell your thermostat is right.
Spotify needs an app for the Apple Watch
I need to invent an app that scans somebody's face and finds their Instagram or Twitter, bc I just saw this smokin hot girl at the airport 😅
I wish there was an app that would give me a sweater right now. Cold af
It needs to be an app to where you can take a picture of your facial expression and i turns into an emoji
i wish there was an app that could track how much money people owed you/how much money you owe people
I need an app that will take a picture of someone and tell me who it is.
Is there an app that simulates mashing a keyboard? Its a serious weakness of touch screens when I just want to say jdu$-4$hxse
I wish there was an app that leads you to your missing items!😡
I wish there was an app that told you who was up for FaceTime... Because I'm bored and buzzed with an iPhone yall!!
I need an app that reads all your tweets out loud to me while I drive ^_^
I wish there was an app that would let you take a picture of a woman and then it would tell you if she was into guys with race car beds.
I need an app that finds my laptop in my bedroom
There needs to be an app that put Addys for parties for like every city to know what the move is 😴
IndieFilmBen We can send people to the moon but dishes can't be done under 6 seconds? We clearly need an app for that!🍴
Need someone to design an app that gives me more hours in the day
I need an app that can delete my number off of other people's phones.
I need an app that can delete my number off of other people's phones
We've got global friends but not many local. 🙈 need an app that will find me 1D fans that are in Las Vegas
I need an app that matches and folds my socks for me
I wish there was an app to delete my phone number from other peoples phone
I wish someone created an app that showed how many times people contradict themselves on FB proving how little influence it has on action.
I just heard there is an app that delivers anything you want... This will take my Buffalo Wild Wings intake to a new level.
They need an app that stops u from calling certain people when ur b.a.c is threw the roof
There needs to be an app that tells you what snacks are in your fridge so you don't get up for no reason
Dear dishes, why does it take you a week to automatically wash yourself. I wish there was an app that can do you with just a tap.
I wish there was an app that would set off an alarm on your phone every time you tried to leave the house without putting on deodorant
I wish they make an app that alerts you whenever theres a Twitter fight somewhere so we can all tune in.
Any users want to test an app that helps you build long-term relationships? Sign up at
Down to the final four school lunches of 2014-15. Need an app that reminds me to clean out lunch bags Thursday night.
They need to create an app that removes the text from the snapchat you previously saved😢
I need an app that has a tv scanline effect. Anybody know of one. (For an Android)
Someone needs to create an app that lists every players intro song
Apologies to everyone who got that snap... Fml, I need to invent an app that locks social media between the hours of 10pm-8am
In this day &amp; age, there needs to be an app that makes it spoiler free to simply go Online 🙈
I need an App that shows how crowded is a shopping mall/supermarket/ shops
I want an app that deletes everything I did the day before at 6am. Wake up fresh.
I need an app that lets me know when concerts for the people on my ipod are because i keep missing them. 😅
I LOVE MEETING NEW PEOPLE!🎀 Great people and different personalities I need to download an app that can help me talk to the whole world!?👌
I need an app that prevents me from drunk texting
In cases when you do need to declare your taxes, there's an app that does all the job for you.
I need an app for that
"I wish there was an app to find your glasses when they're nowhere to been seen?!?" via @kickstartnjh
Samsung need to come up with an app that has the iPhone emojis.
School idol Tomodachi needs an app that's easier than the mobile version of the website
[Back in NY] My Mom, using a tracking app: Look! Keith is in Disneyland right now. | My Best Friend: You needed an app to tell you that?
Can there be an app for people to find friends? These chicks on okcupid and tinder be flooding my shit with "I just want friends" GTFO
.-. I srsly need an app that stops sending tweets with mistakes
I need an app that posts the pun of the day.
There needs to be an app that can preheat my oven when I'm on the way home.
Subhanallah...what an age we are witnessing that we need an app to plan our ramazaan!! May Allah protect us and guide us...Aameen
I wish there was an app that would tell you what you're hungry for...😔
I need an app for locating my tv remote
Need an app to find friends who will do adventurous things with me not people to hook up with 😡
Need an app that is 100% guaranteed to wake you up at your stop on the train. Medway is not a nice place to wake up in. Again.
I need an app that locates my car keys kmt
Also #projectcars needs an app for time trial tracking and allows tinkering to your setups for pitting etc that you can then up thro app
Really want to make an app that offers commentary to audible flatulence, like, "way to let 'er rip, dude!"
I need an app to watch the game on my phone tonight
i just need an app that caches your music /:
I need an app that will erase cookies from my browsers by asking me questions after certain time periods.
I want an app that puts biz on autopilot, no interaction just auto hard-sell 24/7.
I need an app that lets me morph celebrities together to create my perfect crush.
Needs 2 be an app that can translate what these little Asian women r saying at the nail salon 😒 How do they always have so much 2 talk about
They need an app for dd's
Wish there was an app that would find my wallet for me. 😐
I wish there was an app that would disable your phone if you were searching for specific people on social media. That would be great
I need an app to download music.. And be able to play the song without internet because my service sucks over here. 😪
There needs to be an app that corrects all the bad theology on social media
I wish there was an app to check how much gas is in my car
I need an app to watch movies nd tv shows online on
I need an app to help me with my outfits 👠
i wish there was an app that would tell you if all the seats in starbucks are full so you don't have to waste actually going there
need an app that enables you to pay people through the cloud in phone battery percentage
In need of an app to download music and that has Rich Gang 2 on it😁😓
Programmers: need an app that disables my Twitter account while I'm watching West Wing. It's a genuine public concern
I can't do my Triple Crown edit because I need an app to blend the pictures but can't be downloaded cause my iPod is out of date!! 😡
I need an app that plays music based off my mood. If I'm pissed I don't want to hear Usher I want some Chief Keef
Someone needs to invent an app that controls a robot that will go buy comics and tell everyone how great they are. I'm a little busy.
i need an app that can delete my number off of other it's fuckas phone
I need an app that will prevent me from texting oomf first cause 80% of the time I get ignored but I can't help it 😩😩😩😂
Why is there not an app that tells you where the closest boiled peanuts stand is? This needs to happen. It's 2015 for crying out loud.
I need an app that's like tinder but for friends
There needs to be an app that let's you know what the current prices are of parking garages in Seattle.... #GuessingGame
I want to create an app that lets you talk on your phone to other people who have the app. Im going to call it "phone" #AllPeopleDoIsText
I wish there was an app that would get rid of the bags under my eyes.
I need an app to watch Xgames but the app is only available if I have an American Apple store. Bullshit
typos again! i need an app that will spellcheck for me -______- blarghargh
They need to make an app that prohibits you from texting certain contacts that you shouldn't text! Lol.
They need an app that removes every filter a girl (or guy) uses on their selfies 😂🙅🏻
I just want an app that lets me listen to music without Internet why did they get rid of the original iTube
I really need an app to download music..anyone got any ideas pleaase
I wanna get off to watch the full game. I need an app to watch it on or sum! 😩
I need an app that tells me when people were last active on twitter so I'm not spamming michael for nothing
I need an app that locks me out of my own phone not just when drunk but also when sober! 😂
There needs to be an app that remembers your closet and tells you what to wear each day according to the weather.
i need an app that let me delete my number out other ppl shit 😂💯
I wish there was an app that tells you who twatches you daily.
I wish I had an app that could glue shut people's mouths with just a click. I would use it DAILY
I just need an app that adds bruising to a face why is this so hard to find
I need an app that filters out colorblind racism, like the one that lets ppl block out Kim K. Get on it!
I wish there was an app that let you know who had you blocked, and you could send one last "fuck you nigga or bitch"
Subway has an app that pretty cool, but I rather go in I'm picky on how I want my sandwich made.
I wish there was an app to play place online 😭
I need an app that lets me know when Mercury is in retrograde so I'll know when things are going to be awful
Anyone know any apps to make vine edits, etc. Also need an app to download videos😁
I wish there was an app that could send iPhone power to other phones. My phone would never die
I need an app that makes my outfits like the computer system in Clueless.
I wish there was an app that could use some kind of advanced facial recognition that could pull up every photo and video I've unknowingly b…
I wish there was an app that spams tweets automatically ... 💀
Someone needs to make an app that tells me "no" when I look up Eastside bike directions when it's over 80 degrees outside.
Bruh I wish there was an app to tell me if she liked me
NEED AN APP TO WATCH THE GAME
I wish there was an app that showed who unfriended u on snapchat cuz I know I lose atleast 5 snapchat friends everytime I go to a show lmao
I wish there was an app to locate the nearest ice cream truck ...
Wish there was an app that would block all instagrams that have videos of kids working out from showing on my feed. Would pay big money
I need an app to manage my relationship goals and squad goals and ensure there is no confusion between the two.
They need to make an app that will let you send a timed message so that the person who receives it can only open it within that time frame.
I wish i had an app that could glue shut people's mouths with just a click.
I want an app that creates apps 😕
there needs to be an app to track which outfits I wear which days of the last few weeks that would help a lot
Man I tweet a lot when mad😂 I shouldn't have a way to communicate with people when I'm mad😂.... They need an app for that
I have a 12 hour flight coming back home from vegas and I need an app that I can download music and listen offline.
I need an app that tells me what app my kid deleted whole playing with my phone.
I wish there was an app that could let you watch all the snapchat stories you've ever posted.. I mean it is 2015
Need an app that will turn the lights off
I wish there was an app that opens ur texts so if you have your read receipts on people will know ur really ignoring them.
There needs to be an app that charges your phone!
Need an app that shoots out a fist and punches the recipient in the eye when they open the "gentle reminder about payment' email.
I wish they had an app that made you ignore someone
I want an app that auto tweets 'I'm on the North Circ' every time I'm on the North Circ #NorthCircular
Somebody needs to invent an app to put current eyebrows on old pictures.
I wish there was an app to check on my liver
I want to create an app that will wake you up should you be sleeping in a public transport 5minutes before reaching your destination.
i want to create an app that brings you pizza when you reach a certain level of sad.
I just need an app that tells me where steak is on sale 😩
Need an app that tells you the possibility of running into your ex on days you are having a bad hair day
There needs to be an app that removes people out of pictures because members of the public spoil my shots.
I need an app that deletes Donald Trump from life
They need to make an app that prohibits you from playing certain songs after 11pm. Smh
Need an app to slap people over the phone.
I need an app that will turn my phone into a pizza cutter.
They need to make an app that blurs out beverage cans so we can post the best pictures on social media 😂
I just want an app that's like kik but better
I need an app to download music on my phone
I need an app that if you click on Harry's face , he'll make a cute faces then automatically say "OH BABY YEAH" ASDFGHJKL
I wish there was an app that did sleeping for you.
I want to find an app that does personalised gym plans ... Based on your current levels of ability !! Lol
They need an app for the pictures and video tht don't make it to IG or snapchat 😏
Someone needs to make an app that compares pizza prices in your area that includes current deals and promotions.
Someone needs to make an app that can hack any wifi and hook you up with the password.
"I wish there was an app for destiny which allowed me to check my inventory, bounties etc" (I'm dumb)
I need an app that says the time at the top of an hour to remind some people that their time is up
I want an app that prevents me from opening Tinder. I don't want to delete Tinder, I just want to feel productive about not using it
There needs to be an app that tells me how close the nearest dog is so I can go and pet it. I need more dogs in my life.
What I want from iOS 9 - an app that hugs me to sleep. The screen's glow no longer keeps me warm at night.
I wish there was an app to change your body that would be perfect
I wish there was an app that could detect how drunk you are and disable certain apps (like the phone, texting, social media, shopping, etc).
I wish there was an app that stopped me from getting on tinder while drunk. Woooffff
Who wishes there was an app that could unsend texts ?
in other news I need an app that tells me how long the line is at Chipotle so I don't have to walk all the way down there in these SHOES.
I just want to make an app, to counter Rainy Day weather forecast with please carry your caps and goggles notification! #Pune #Weather
I need an app that blocks any #isis related news. sick of the disturbing pictures being shared on social media.
They need an app that allows you to control fans and A/C
Somebody needs to make an app to hook up for booty rubs.
You know what we really need an app to overhaul: meal planning and grocery shopping. Nothing nails this drudgery yet...
I wish there was an app to see who screenshots your stuff
There needs to be an app that generates clever Instagram captions because I'm struggling
I need someone to make an app that collects info from different apps and categorizes it in one place. Something like that already exist?
I wish there was an app that told me what music everyone in the room was listening to.
I wish golds gym had an app that told you there occupancy percentage. I mean it's very possible.
I wish there was an app that would make trey songz sound effects
Need an app to organize apps
I wish there was an app that tracks where the ice cream man is
Man someone should start an app to help single fathers raising little girls out w/ tips on hair care and things little girls need.
I need an app to play my instrumental
How many of you follow me and never tweet at me? I want an app that tells me this. I have a lot.
I need an app that asks "Are you sure you want to send this pathetic text to your ex who no longer loves you?" 50 times before it'll send.
I wish there was an app that helped you find the stuff you've lost
They need to make an app that tells you where your at in baybrook mall
first it was uber, then postmates, now we just need an app that gets people to run your errands...
I need an app that locks Twitter at night
#snapchat really needs to make an app for #windowsphone.
I need an app that reminds me to text people back #firstworldproblems
I wish there was an app to do your laundry. All steps of it.
what society needs is an app that tells u if a girl is gay or not
I need there to be an app that makes decisions for me
When is some1 going to make an app that has digital copies of my drivers license, health insurance, etc so I don’t need a physical wallet?
playtube needs to make an app for android
I need an app that senses mood and delivers me electric shocks until I remember that if I eat my brain will work. Self-care: not my forte.
We need an app that tells you where gunfire is coming from.
Some people need an app to tell them whats is trolling and what is fair comment.
I wish there was an app that told the Driver in front of me that He/She is a Moron 😐
I want an app to tell me what parking spots are open where in the city.
I want an app that unfollows people without a limit plz
Wish they had an app to download food
I need an app that can delete my number off of other people's phones"
Lol apple needs to come up with an app that will help cats stream grades….school is an essential.
I wish there was an app called "Locate My Debit Card" they got an app for everything else. I cannot find my card to save my life .
I wished there was an app that told me how many people are currently at the mall...
There needs to be an app to that changes your skin color in a picture
Why is there not an app that notifies the ice cream truck when you want ice cream???
Somebody needs to create an app that turns everything Harold Reynolds says into the teacher's voice from the Charlie Brown cartoons.
Have any of you used an app to your old tweets before? Like say I want to delete all my tweets from before 2013 do any of you know a +
My latest first world need is an app for #interpals.
I wish there was an app that told you everyone who blocked you
I'm going to give back to the world by making an app to find gasses, retainers. And eyeliner pencils. Cause I need that app desperately
I need a business model for an app to call out douche bag neighbors. #douchebors it #douchenieghs you choose
I wish there was an app to show which app I accidentally deleted
I really wish there was an app to delete my number from other people's phones
Also I need like an app that reminds you to eat
I really need a correct search operator or an app to see my Twitter feed from more than a day ago.
I need an app that turns the music off when I press record and turns it right back on when I stop recording #findomprobz
I wish I can delete all my tweets and start fresh. There should be an app for that
twitter need an app to show who twatches you 👌
I need an app that pushes clouds away. #Photography #Android
I want an app that changes y'alls emoji garbage into this symbol: □ i then wouldn't have to enlarge phones font in a faux attempt to care.
Need someone to invent an app that turns baseball bats into light sabers to keep this even remotely interesting
Just woke up. Wishing I had an app to see what was in the fridge so I wouldn't have to get out of bed.
I need to find an app that lets me stream my entire music library from my iMac to my iPhone while in the go
there needs to be an app that lets me know if gucci mane is in or out of jail
I wish there was an app to tell me how full the gym is
I wish there was an app that would disguise your other apps
I need to create an app for my hairdresser it might help her with her time management
I need an app that just tells me where and what to eat when I'm too hungry to find somewhere
Need an app to make memes!
I wish there was an app that instantly shot a painful laser into the eyes of anyone who looks at my phone when I'm texting.😒
There needs to be an app that let's you know how long the lines are at In-N-Out
Don't understand why people need an app to tweet how many followers or unfollowers they get a day, like I'm interested in who likes you
They need an app that reveals who a sub tweet was about. Could lead to some funny scenarios
Some people really need an app that tells them that their posts are dumb af.
Excuse me Mr Apple I don't wish to think any longer can you create an app for that
I wish there was an app that told you how many times your dropped your phone
wish there was an app that would block any headline with the name "Kardashian, Jenner or Caitlynn." Anyone who makes this, hola.#myidea
i need an app that deletes old tweets
i need an app to watch it :-) avaible only in korea :-) ok tomorrow hot man kookie now it's 2am :-)
Wish there was an app to find my brooches and pins.
Wish there was an app that would massage me
they need to make an app that calls out of work for you
Someone needs to create an app that will snap selfies of us when we are dead and buried cause social media is so important.
I need an app that changes the weather based on my mood! Anyone out here got anything?
Wishing there was an app that told you if the grass was wet and if so when would it dry up..
I need an app that caches the song when you download it❗️ play tube does not work. Apps?
Someone told me that he wanted an app that can stop feelings from growing..
I wish there was an app that could Shazam what music other people are listening to. This guy is rocking out w/headphones. I want in
#Taurus need an app that sends them a warning text when they are within 50 feet of their ex.
I need an app to help me remember what I was going to Tweet. Like a pre-tweeter.
I wish there was an app to take snapchat bars away 😕 #problems
I want to invent an app that tells you how much laundry detergent you have left before you haul all your shit to the basement.
I want an app that shows me wait times at various restaurants and coffee shops nearby.
I wish there was an app to tell me whether or not I would like certain tv shows.
they need an app for weedmen or something dawg
Someone actually needs an app to let you download all of your own photos from Facebook.
Do you ever think, 'I wish there was an app for that?' Go create it!
I wish there was an app that would search for all the things missing in my house.
There needs to be an app to tell me where the nearest ice cream man is 🍦
The Need An App To Yell At The Players.
I need an app that's like a calendar for my bills. I know I have a calendar but I need something more aggressive
I wish there was an app that works in conjunction w/ my period tracker so when I'm pmsing they just shut down all my social media.
i need an app to listen to music when im not using 3G
I wish there was an app that helped you find local D&amp;D groups that need players.
I wish there was an app to find the remote control
I want an app that just hast one button that makes Kanye scream "all day nigga!" Guess how much I'd use it? #alldaynigga
I need an app to make good edits for my photos.Any suggestions?
I need an app that will let me download music from SoundCloud so I don't kill my data when I'm not connected to wifi :/
I need an app that'll give me head
I just made a really cute edit. I need an app for transitions 🙏🏼
I need an app to calculate velocity of a spaceship at any point while accelerating from .1 to near light speed. Includes distance travelled
I need an app that makes it easier to go outside.
Wish there was an app to unfollow all the muppets I have on Twitter
I need an app to understand Canadian slangs :(
Someone needs to make an app that can read lips and translate
I wish there was an app for archiveofourown
Now that iTube doesn't work anymore, I need there to be an app that I can download/play music on without running through my data plan 😓
I need an app that will go workout for me.
Someone needs to invent an app that can detect typefaces. #typography #graphicdesignprobs
I need an app to block all of those Funko figures from all of my feeds, because if I start buying them, I won't stop until well past poverty
they need an app that tracks raspado guys
Need an app for emojis for android. Suggestions?
If I go running, and I want to use some app to track route and pace etc., what is the recommended one? Obvs need an app to run... #fb
I need an app that notifies me to fix my posture every half hour or so. Or a job that doesn't involve sitting at a desk all day.
I wish there was an app that made all my life decisions for me
Someone needs to come up with an app that posts photo's to all these social platforms at one time.
I need an app to blurr photos
For the style impaired (like me) there needs to be an app that lets you take a pic of your suit, shirt, tie &amp; let's you know if they match.
I need an app that monitors live-feeds of high speed police chases to automatically send me notifications of chases in excess of 100mph.
I need an app that tells me what friends are close by who would want to buy me a beer and maybe some snacks.
I wish they had an app that played the music you were feeling.
Need an app that will give me Google-maps-like "x minutes faster/slower" directions for life decision options.
When I get out of the shower, I forget my shower thoughts. There's needs to be an app that records then while I'm showering. 🛀
They need an app that helps locate your remote
I need an app that notifies me whenever a drag queen enters Winnipeg
They really need an app that can track your earbuds.
dawg I need an app that jus unfollows everyone like asap
I need to invest in an app that allows me to use emojis everywhere, not just on Whatsapp :( #help
There needs to be an app that locks away messages you're deliberately avoiding so you can't accidentally read them
There needs to be an app that tracks data usage in real time. I need to know who in my family is using all our data!
I wish there was an app that stopped you when you tried to sell your Netflix stock a few years ago, and sold it today. Oh, also Apple.Damnit
Need an app for when somebody put in the wrong password it shock dem...
Which reminds me, I want to build an app that reads to you the content of historical markers as you drive by.
I need an app that will show me how crowded the gym is right now
I think I need an app that blocks me from accessing apps like Facebook and Twitter and snapchat and Instagram like does it exist?????
I wish there was an app to find a local drug dealer in your location
They need to make an app that lets you try different hair styles on yourself 😊
I wish there was an app to track the nearest Mexican corn guy in your area.
Gonna need technology to step it up and invent an app that reads my mood and plays the appropriate songs
I really need an app that converts recorded voice to text
I wish there was an app that was like: don't put no "😍😍😍😍" in that pic someone in his friendlist knows both of yall &amp; gonna be snitching
I need an app to stop a song that stuck on repeat. In my head.
They need to create an app that skips every Wale verse
They need to make an app that deletes the words from saved snapchat pictures.
Too many apps. My app needs an app to open that app #appnapped
We need an app that says in a stern voice, "You're drunk. Don't drive." And then hides our car keys for us, auto dials a cab service.
I need an app for music that doesn't need Internet. 🔫
I wish there was an app to notify me when someone subtweeted about me 😂
I seriously wish they would make an app for Animal Crossing
I wish there was an app that can help you find a song by just humming the tune !
Anybody want to come up with an app that tells you of the different courses available in your city? German/Spanish/Kick boxing/Tennis etc
I wish there was an app that would watch all your stuff while you get up to use the bathroom at a coffee shop.
I wish that there was an app that literally helped you tell if someone was lesbian or bisexual, like it would make my life so much easier.
I wish I had an app that could glue shut people's mouths with just click.
I want an app that shows me beautiful rocks
Wish there was an app that made me calm down and go to sleep before I rip someone's head off.
Need an app to see all the people who have blocked me in the past yes
i need an app to stop #crackbudgie shenanigans and yelling
I need an app to track my clothes for when I can't find them
Someone needs to make an app that alerts you every time your girl gets a haircut... . . . . . so we don't forget to notice!!
I need an app that lets me know what level of clusterfuck I should prepare for on a daily basis.
Hi guys, can someone please help me. I need an app that works like microsoft word. Thank you, thank you! Hope someone can help me.
I need an app that directs me to the nearest vending machine
I really wish there was an app for you're phone to lock when I'm drunk so I can't do anything slow
I need an app to manage all the people in my head.
i want an app to download youtube videos to my iphone.
I need an app that tells me what I want for lunch
My phone needs to have an app that makes sure I don't send nudes it booty call people when I'm white girl wasted
I wish there was an app to unfuck someone.
I wish there was an app to check on the status of our applications for college instead of logging on and stuff #its2015
They need an app that prevents me from texting people when I'm sad
Some people need an app that tweetbrags when they aren’t drinking
I wish there was an app that I could restart my dryer, because I know my clothes aren't gonna be dry when I get home.
I mostly want an app that will send me an alert that says “if you leave now you’ll save 10 mins” on your drive. Does this exist?
need an app that lets me know when my ex lurking on my shit b....i know you checking on me lol.
There needs to be an app that you can type in a text you received and it gives you good options on what to reply 😅
I wish there was an app to tell when someone's online or not
Wish there was an app for advice
I wish there was an app that delivered feminine menstrual items to your house.
I want to write an app that scans tweets for #inboxzero and launch an email that person.
Fam, somebody needs to make an app for Nigerian languages. Learn, translate and convert between each of the 350+ languages.
I wish there was an app that told you how long a train was going to be
Forever wishing there was an app that could accurately read my mood and pick my music when I'm being indecisive 😅
Need an app that only lets me look at apps for like 2hours max a day then message will pop up saying go do something productive nigga
There needs to be an app that tells you where nearby garage sales are😍
They need to invent an app for girls called - why the fuck am I crying/being an emotional bitch
I need an app that changes articles about General Convention into articles about puppies and kittens. #gc78
Need an app that lets me search for public bathrooms in my vicinity and rates them based on cleanliness and cell service
The app discussion keeps coming up *sigh*. Just don't want us to have an app for the sake of having one.
Someone needs to make an app that recovers deleted pictures from Facebook.
I want an app that tells me how many times each person has viewed my snapchat story
I need an app that tells me how close dogs are to me so I can pet them and be happy
there needs to be an app that plays all the songs that I've ever reblogged
I need an app that tells me when the light turns green.
I wish there was an app that would track how many decisions I have make every day. Today felt like about a gazillion!
There needs to b an app for when you're super sick. Like rent a nurse for 24 hours to take care of me. And bring me a chocolate shake.
I wish there was an app that told me how packed the gym is
I need an app that'll lemme put music over my time lapse video pls 🆘
I need an app that can save snaps! Anybody know some?
I wish there was an app that.. Finish that sentence
Wish there was an app that would send the nearest ice cream man to my neighborhood
I wish there was an app to share scents cause this curry smells so good 😭
7-Eleven needs to make an app that tells you which locations near you have working slurpee machines/flavors that are mixed and ready to go.
i wish i had an app that could glue shut people's mouths with just a click 💁
I think there needs to be an app to help you find your mom in Target.
I need an app that shows me where the ice cream trucks are located.
just want an app that I can download music onto.. that's all i could ask for right now.. sighhhhhhhhh
i rly wish there was an app that could recognize a song thru humming. It'd solve many problems &amp; this mystery tune would leave me alone.
I need an app that puts my photo in with another photo. Not a collage. Like with the photo. And gooooo.
It's crazy hard to find a music app that works . I just want an app that has every song I want, download the right way &amp; not be a remix.
I wish there was an app to tell me if the market across the street has the flavor of ben&amp;jerrys I want or nah #skinny
i need an app that tells you who has you blocked on twitter. i need to know how many autographs i have to sign 💅🏽
I wish there was an app that would give info on dismissal times of schools along Katipunan.
I wish there was an app that lets people know I'm crop dusting them when I'm talking on the phone
I just wish there was an app that counted my calories
there needs to be an app that's like yelp for haunted places
I need an app that deletes everything I say online 1 week after I post it. After a week everything I've written is far too cringey to read
I wish there was an app to show me what my future husband looks like.
I wish there was an app that could tell you how to respond to "hard to respond to" text messages lol.
I need an app that locks me out of all social media when I need to be sleeping
Wish there was an app to shut up babies on the trian.
I wish there was an app to tell you how long the in n out lines are
Someone needs to create an app that allows you to add a hijab to your selfies because every hijabi knows what struggle I'm talking about
I wish there was an app that found you free photobooths. Am I vain?
I wish there was an app that would let you know when trains are going through riverbank
Need an app that slaps tweeps that tweet studity!
I wish there were an app for creating and sharing lists of things! I have so many lists of things I need and this is on all of them!
Someone needs to make an app for just dancers
Wish there was an app for that
I need an app that locks me out of my phone when my anxiety is to bad.
I wish there was an app to block all people with the words marketing and social media in their profile.
I need an app to replace everything Taylor Swift with bacon. Or something.
Someone needs to invent an app to lock you out of your phone when you're intoxicated
wish there was an app to help me find lost things in my house
They need an app that tells you who twatches you
I need to set an app that shuts off my phone at 11 most nights.
I need an app to remind me to charge my iPad...
I need an app to buy books on cause I'm tired of going to the library or the book store and shit 😒😒😒
I need an app that blocks social media at a certain time 😂😂😂😂
I need an app to skip a song in my Mac using windows phone. Please help.
I wish there was an app that told you how many people applied for the same job, and gave you an estimated success rate of your application.
I wish their was an app to see who peep my twitter 👀
We need an app that translates non-brand versions of drinks. Tap in Pimm’s: Jeeves (Tesco), Austin’s (Aldi). Come on, developers. Hit me up.
#legup - need help building an app for legup!
Man I wish there was an app to find these shoes for me! I've been looking everywhere !
wish there was an app that could show you what you would look like with a certain piercing. cause ive been wanting a nose ring but nah:((
I want an app that tells me which local bookstores are carrying a book I'm looking for. I know it's called Amazon but I don't mind walking.
I wish there was an app that could turn one of your dreams into a reality. That would be amazing after the dream I just had😭😍
There needs to be an app that makes decisions for you! Good decisions also
I need an app that talks shit to people that un-follow me.
I want an app that changes all my voicemails so they're read to me in Parker Posie's voice. Can we get on that, nerds?
They need an app that removes the little caption bar on pictures that you got off Snapchat🙇🏻💡
Someone needs to make an app that finds the nearest ice cream van ☀️🍦
I desperately need an app that lets me unsend a text within 60 seconds of sending it. #whycantyoudothisyet?!
I wish there was an app that would read my articles to me and not sound like a robot.
someone needs to invent an app that cuts you off from listening to more than one smiths song when you're bummed out
I need an app that rates local restaurants based solely on their happy hour specials.
Need an app that catches songs😅
I want an app that sleeps and drinks coffee for me so I can spend more time on Twitter.
Need an app that lets me read wattsapp messages without telling the sender
I need an app to download music. Someone help me
I wish there was an app that could organize my songs and play them the way I feel. cause right now it feels like I'm having mood swings
I need an app that allows me to block myself from Facebook for 24-hour increments. I'm like a moth to the flame trying to battle ignorance.
I wish there was an app that could delete my number from peoples phones..
Someone needs 2 create an app that reveals locations of crows' nests around the city, so I can watch people get dive bombed by those jerks.
I need an app that could divide my time .-.
I need an app that detects crazy bitches..
We need an app that will shut access to your account for an hour if you type "Is it okay to be" or "I’m going to just go ahead and say it."
I need an app that will fit a snapchat video into a Instagram video without it being cropped?
Someone needs to invent an app that reminds me to put on deodorant
I need an app to remind me of people's birthdays 😩
Sleeping time. Guess we now need an app to count sheep while sleeping
Someone needs to invent an app that will download all the songs in my Shazam list cuz ain't nobody got time for that
i need an app to download that i can speed up a video or slow mo it. thanks
I want an app for android that just auto nukes all your photos on a set schedule, or as they become more than X hours or days old.
They need to make an app for people who lost all their single friends to tinder dates to find new single friends
I wish there was an app that finds dealers😂😂😂
Wish they had an app to see if people muted you
I should use Twitter more often. The problem is I need an app that can consolodate all my social media profiles for free!
They need an app that tells you how long the line is at chipotle
I wish there was an app to tell you if the gym is crowded
They need an app to remove the reflection of your arm in your sunglasses for when you're taking a super fly selfie. #thuglifeproblems
I want an app that lets me open a page that I'm viewing on my laptop, on my phone. Someone make that happen and I'll happily beta test.
There really needs to be an app that helps you find your eskimo brothers
I wish there was an app to pinch people when they don't respond to your texts
I need an app that photoshops the dark circles from under my eyes. Anyone?
I need an app that works , to upload pictures to snapchat 😡😟😟
I hate one word texts (or just emojis). I wish there was an app that shocked the sender every time they send one.
Someone needs to make an app to find the corn man. 🍧
So I’m glad that I can ping my phone from my Watch when I lose it, but now I need an app that will let me ping my Wacom stylus...
#Capricorn need an app that sends them a warning text when they are within 50 feet of their ex.
I need an app that records every call Body has during the day
I need an app that wakes me up right before it's going to rain, so I can close all the windows in the house.. #iwish
Someone needs to make an app that just consist of daily cash jobs like door person, event staff, Pet or baby sitting,house sitting etc 💸🏡🐶👶🏼
I need an app that punches me in the face when I look at a text then forget to reply. Just a solid hook to the jaw.
I wish there was an app to virtually decorate a room before you're actually going to decorate it.
They need an app to track your Rustys pizza driver. I am hungry 😠
I wish I had an app to pre heat my oven so I could just pop in the buffalo chicken tenders when I get ther
wish there was an app that allowed you to photoshop your choice of tattoos to your body so you knew exactly what they would look like first
I need an app that lets me read an article and then gives me a dish of corn nuts.
I need an app that can delete my number off other people's phones.
Bro I wish there was an app that made food magically appear cuz a nigga be starving late at night gooooot damn
I need an app that can translate a hum into a song title because half of the time that's the only thing I can remember
Anyone know how to save videos onto your phone that others have uploaded on Twitter? Do I need an app for it?
I wish there wan an app that would go through my excel game list and each day it would ranomly select one. Someone please make that!
They need an app to make pictures unblurry
i need an app that tells me what to wear every day based on the weather. the numerical temperature is just not enough. is that sad?
now I need an app for my pets... I can just yell their names.... they come running over...
That Captain Quizz True Soulmate thing is great, but what I really need is an app that tells me how old my soulmate looks.
I wish there was an app to see who I'm gonna end up with or if im gonna be single forever, so I can stop trying ya know.
Can't wait to go for morning walks with the sis. I need a playlist for that. I need an app for making the playlist. I need ...
I wish there was an app that'd automatically text people goodnight when I'm bout to ko. #toomucheffort #lazy4lyf
Have humans given up on their own species' ability to be humane? I think we need an app for that.
I wish there was an app to tell me when the mail is here
I need an app that tells me the location of Santiago's burritos
#Gemini need an app that sends them a warning text when they are within 50 feet of their ex.
I need an app that can mute hash tags.
there needs to be an app that tells you when you can turn left on ridiculous toronto roads......
I wish there was an app for gals who want more guy friends in their new city. #Broder? #OkBro? #BrosAndBagels?
someone needs to make an app that you can load your Twitter avi on and it gives you a matching header.
They need an app for finding my keys when I get drunk and can't remember where I put them. 😑
I wish there was an app that knew what was in your closet and you could wake up tell them what mood you are in and it picks you an outfit
Someone needs to develop an app that tells you where the ice cream truck is before you hear the music
They need to make an app that charge your phone for you
There hasn't been a day yet this summer that I haven't wished for an app to locate Mister Softee.
I so badly wish there was an app to turn off these lights right now…
Need an app to filter out #FathersDay emails/ads/tweets for those of us with no dads..."Don't Forget Dad!" yeah, thanks Hallmark, I won't...
Want to create an app that helps you find the best places to take a dump who wants to fund me?
I wish there was an app that could determine what kind of perfume a person is wearing
Someone needs to make an app that takes ur picture then takes your expression and turns it into an emoji that you can use!!
Man, I wish there was an app that somehow let me vent all of my pointless thoughts.... But who would make someyhing like that right?
There needs to be an app to help you find your lost keys
I need an app that tells me the pollen count. Really it should just say "lol no don't go outside" anytime it's high
Somebody needs to make an app that gives you a number for a drug dealer in every city. Ya know for vacation people
They need to create an app that lets me know when I'm on the phone &amp; the other person has me on speaker!
Someone needs to make an app for Montanans that tells us other roads to take to get around road construction.
I wish there was an app that blows air
I wish there was an app that could tell if someone was on their phone or not
I want an app that's like Shazam for faces. Constantly seeing actors in shows and I can't remember where I've seen them. #MakeItHappenApple
I wish there was an app to tell you who be looking at your page all the time lol
I wish there was an app that could tell me what you're thinking all the time
too lazy to follow all of you back there needs to be an app that does that
I wish there was an app that could locate my clothes..
I need an app that tells me where in the house my missing book is.
I need an app that dings every time I'm close to Starbucks. It would make travelling easier
I need an app that can notify me when my father approaches my room
I want an app that successfully repels Mosquitos. I'd totally give Apple my .99 for it
I want an app that's like having a child lol I'm feeling motherly
I wish I had an app to tell me if I smell like alcohol or am drunk to the point where I am just too drunk
Needs to be an app that sends 10,000 volts of electricity through me every time I get drunk and use my phone.
I wish there was an app to tell me how long the line at chic fil a is..
All I want in my life is an app that automatically blocks promoted tweets.
Wish they had an app to see who views your Insta😇😂
wish there was an app that makes fresh air come out of your phone 😅😂😂😂
I wish there was an app to find my little iPhone charger box thing. Cuz I lose that thing all the time.
I wish I had an app that could glue people mouths shits with just a click.
i need an app to save vines
i wish there was an app that could make people unfollow you
Slovenia needs an app to help find the nearest accordion.
I need an app to download songs..
I need an app to download Music any suggestions.?
I need an app that can tell me if I'm too lazy for an activity or not
Need an app that screen grabs your shattered phone screen.
We need an app that cooks me breakfast. I'm looking at you scientists.
I wish there was an app that charged your phone using wifi or data
I need an app that continiously reminds me after every five minutes that Phone side main rakh ky kuchh parh ly beghairat😜😂
Need to create an app that prevents drunk texting
" I need an app that continiously reminds me after every five minutes that Phone side main rakh ky kuchh parh ly beghairat😜😂"
What I really want is an app that will put any name into the theme song of Disney's Pepper Ann
Holy cow, I need to start using an app to filter out the Dannemora prison break from my local feed, it's almost as bad as Sawyer whatshisnam
Wish there was an app that un-blurred drunken photos 😞
Women in Tech: we need an app that electrocutes men in the scrotum every time a woman says No &amp; he insists
I need an app that blocks all things Lena Dunham.
"i wish there was an app that let you know the ratio of people who follow/hate-follow you" - overheard in Hackney Sainsbury's
Need an app that blocks/filters all inspirational quotes on social media. 😷
i need an app that i can use to watch uta no prince sama bc hulu doesnt have it and i dont have my laptop
I dont even need an app that predicts my period bc me crying freely in pixar movies seems to be a good indication It's Coming
Need an app that lets me know when there's a Piper &amp; Alex scene so I know I can go make a sandwich or something.
, wish they had an app to tell me who lurk on my page😂😂💀
They need an app to tell if your captions on social media make sense......
We need an app to find the nearest coco cherry mango man
I wish there was an app that told you who wanted to fuck you kmt
i wish there was an app that like told me how many douche points a dude has or like if he's a sloppy kisser
I need an app to edit my photos to make them look good please help me omg
someone needs to make an app that shows the nearest cash machine that dispenses £5 notes
I still want an app that places focus on whichever window I am currently looking at
I wish there was an app that could make my hair grow
They need an app for how many times people look at your account on Twitter, Insta, etc.
I need an app for music 😩😩
Need an app that types #Amharic on an #iPhone. All are built for Android. Anyone? #Ethiopia
I need an app that I can tell my phone what food is in my house and it give me a list of things I could make to eat #appstore #androidapp
There needs to be an app that tracks the ice cream man
I need an app that tells me what I want to eat.
I wish they had an app to show you the places you've smoked at
There needs to be an app that doesn't let you text your ex boyfriend you're still in love with when you're drunk
I wish there was an app that filled your car up with gas. Still works hopping the idea.
I need an app that can send verses from songs to people ✅
I want an app to start my car. Ha.
Need an app That auto blocks all promoted tweets
there needs to be an app to help you decide what filter to use.
I wish there was an app that I could take pics of all my clothes and then it would generate an outfit for me to wear.
I wish there was an app that played music according to your mood &amp; all of it was fire lol
I need an app for when I'm drinking I can't text or snapchat 😂😂😂😂
Unsend a text. There Really needs to be an App for that.
Instagram needs an app for those who just want to post twerking videos and booty pics......
Wish there was an app to find out who's in my #Cluster. #Sense8
I want an app that automatically deletes my ugly selfies for me
There needs to be an app that lets you program your phone to sends texts messages at a certain time. Or is there one?
I wish there was an app for local florist on some yik yak shit
I need an app to download free music right to my iPhone. Anyone got any leads
I need an app that shows me what dealers are about 😪
Seems Eskom need an app to tell whether their app is operational
really wish there was an app that lets you follow the people around you on Instagram/Twitter
Is there a need for an app that show fitness classes in my local area to have a chat feature? Piss off, I just want to go to Zumba. 😐
There needs to be an app that runs my bath for me when I'm on my way home from work 😴 another busy Sunday
I need an app that'll show me how packed my local grocery store is before I decide to go
needs an app that can transform my 4 to a 10 real quick
Need to pair up with some tech wizard and make an app that helps you find miscellaneous drugs when visiting a different city
Need an app that tells me what to wear instead of the temperature because weather apps mean nothing and this country is beyond confusing
I need an app that tells me what i can cook with whatever food is in my house.
I want an app that helps you mass-create accounts
i need an app to calculate my calorie intake :-/
Need an app for movies. Rent vs Buy.
i need an app for free music 💆
I wish there were an app that would punch people in the face if they didn't use a turn signal.
I wish there was an app to pick outfits for you so you don't have to
I need an app that'll help do a collage.
I want an app that tells me the real time availability of cream soda slurpies in my area fuck all other flavors
I need an app to make gifs on.
Where is the elusive ice cream truck? We hear music but don't see it. We need an app for that. #icecreamtruck
I need to make an app that tracks the location of ambush subway train buskers. Dunno how it would be done but I'd make a mint.
I need an app to download albums
I need an app that can reverse my videos :(
I wish there was an app to tell me which ppl I follow on Instagram are inactive
I need an app to download music from
I wish there was an app that could tell me how much money I've spent at Dunkin in my life time
Someone needs to invent an app that records birdsong and tells you what bird it is. Like Shazam for nature.
Seriously someone needs to come up with an app that helps you read autocorrect fail messages, type the word, shows the options
There needs to be an app for republicans to post their opinions bc Twitter wasn't meant for that ok bye
I got an app that claims it will keep my phone water proof. I tried to listen to some music in the shower. I need a new phone now :/
I need models. Can someone make an app for that like uber. Lol
I need a way to learn all of the members of the U.S. Congress is there an app for that?? Senators and congressional representatives please!
i need an app that can delete my number off of other people's phones .
I wish there was an app for innout where you could look to see how long the line was
I need an app that can delete my number off of other people's phones 😒😒😒
There needs to be an app for putting birds between girls eyebrows 😆
I don't wanna sound like a stalker but I need an app that tells me if my favorite celebrities get girlfriends.😐😔🙍
there needs to b an app to locate the nearest paletero who sells hot cheetos with nacho cheese
There needs to be an app that locks you out of you're phone when you're drunk until your sober.
i wish it was an app to tell you what lip color somebody is wearing
I wish there was an app that would tell you if someone blocked you
they need an app for lost headphones cause this shit is ridiculous
Some people need a drunk texting app but I need an app that keeps me from ordering food when I'm high
I wish there was an app that could get me in shape by pressing a button.
I wish there was an app that you could throw all your emotions into and not have to deal with them
I wish 24hr fitness had an app to know how busy or not your local gym is.
I wish there was an app to tell you how packed a cinema was...
i wish that there was an app that like told you if you smelt bad
There needs to be an app that super cool people with good music can go on and share there music
I wish there was an app that made time go by faster 😫
I wish Google would make an app for all it's products and leave Chrome alone as the effing Internet Browser it should be
I need an app that tells you good routes for running when I'm on vacation.
I think we now need an app that will book rickshaws for you cause all of them suck
Someone needs to design an app to keep a videographer occupied while a project renders.
I wish there was an app that told you if people are looking through your page 😲
Need someone to build an app to remember n remind what all apps are used for on my phone.
Need an app for music ...... Help
I need to invent an app that will tell you when hay is ready to bale# million dollar idea
; so my phone seriously needs an app to delete all 21,000 text messages.....oops.
I need an app for music that will play without Internet 😡😒
I need an app that lets me text in the Weeknd lyrics
I need an app that allows me to downloads videos from instagram, vine, youtube... Etc
I want to create an app that links to one's cell. Texts and any posts that contain misspellings will result in receiving a dictionary.
There 100% needs to be an app that allows you to select people to not text or snap while intoxicated.
Snapchat needs to make an app that would allow us to see every snap we've sent..
Wish there was an app that made friends text back quicker😒
I need an app to take notes that isn’t ugly, focuses on content and doesn’t require me to *create* a new document.
I wish Twitter had an app to ban ignorant morons who don't understand the Constitution or basic logic. Twitter wold improve, greatly.
I need an app to download music ugh help me??
We need an app to remove filters in the photo
I need to find an app to download music for free asap😩
I wish there was an app that directed you to free and available parking spaces . 😔 I'm going to work from home.
need an app that sends me a notification when 5sos follow people
I need an app that can help me delete my number out of other people's phone!
I really need an app to play music without using data, please and thank you
Grocery stores need an app that analyzes shopping lists and reorders them according to asiles to make trips more efficient. #justsaying
They need to make an app that does everything a Tamagachi used to do
Need an app to download my music on 😭😭😭
I need an app that measures dimensions as you take photos! As in you just need to set a reference before starting! #SomeoneInventThisPlease
Someone needs to create an app that masks Facebook/Twitter on your phone.
We need an app that brings together every clothing designer and their collections all in one place
I wish there was an app that you could use to track your postman
How many new followers in the last week? 25 new followers. Didn't even need an app to tell me that. #Learntocount
I need an app to download films then watch them without Internet😭
I need an app to delete my tweets
I need an app for music download. 😩😩😩
I need an app to stop me from shopping on the Internet... Smh.
I wish there was an app to tell you who, if anyone, stalks your Twitter and how often.
I wish there was an app that can hire people to come cook at your place and leave as soon as they're done
they really need to make an app that lets you go back and take the text bar off of your snap chat pictures
Someone needs to invent an app that automatically unfollows people with babies on Facebook.
You know you live in a crappy world when a little girl thinks she needs an app that makes her skinny to look pretty or a five year old+
Need to make an app that can reduce the noise a child makes by 50%. That's where the moneys at
wish there was an app to automatically unfollow someone who uses those "find out who unfollowed me" apps
Pretty sad that some girls feel the need to use an app to get likes on Instagram... :/
Someone needs to develop an app that stops load shedding 😂
Tiara needs to get me an app to Gabes
I need an app that makes me in shape
Need an app that will update you on what's going on at work while you are driving in so when you get there you are ready for action.
I wish there was an app that let you know where all the free public bathrooms were 🎈
We need an app to write for us #VoteJoey #VoteJoey #VoteJoey #VoteJoey #VoteJoey #VoteJoey
I wish there was an app that delivered food to my bed
They need an app that locates the gas stations that sell Fiji water. #foodsnobonaroadtrip
Damn, you really need an app to get these shoes?
Someone needs to invent an app that does the breaking news thing, stopping my running jams to tell me all finally have the right to marry
I wish there was an app that could analyse your body and show you what was inflamed etc so you could treat effectively
i wish there was an app that shows you who stalks you and when they are on your page and stuff ya know
Any iPhone'rs want to test an app for me please?
My dads the type of dad to wake me up because he needed me to download an app for him...
I need an app that has the same exact package for all the things, it will do something that will force you to restore.
I need an app that will uninstall apps.
I just want an app that plays Nicki Minaj's verse in Monster
I need like an app to play or a new Bestfriend😩
There needs to be an app that connects you with people in your area who own trucks. #helpasistaout
there needs to be an app that shows you who has you muted or blocked
Need someone to invent an app that sends a small jolt of electricity through the phone so when somebody says something really stupid....
I need an app that will let me listen to music offline smfh
I wish there was an app that was like Shazam, but for birdsong.
I need an app that measures dimensions as you take photos! #SomeoneInventThisPlease
I wish there was an app for air conditioning
There needs to be an app that has a database of all the foods dogs can and can't eat.
"Needs to be an app that if you take a pic of an animal or insect it'll tell you what it is all Ik is it's a big"
Need to find an app that can make encrypted file containers
I wished there was an app to bulk delete my dms 🙊
I wish there was an app to turn off my light and bring me food from down stairs
I want an app for my phone that always increases the minimum chance of rain in the forecast from 0% to 1% #alwayspossible
wish there was an app that you send a full body pic in to and a group of women would tell you what to accessorize with to look most handsome
Someone needs to make an App that allows people to have their voice on politics.
wish there was an app for that 💀
I wish there was an app that you could see all your clothes nd arrange them into outfits and it would help you choose which outfit to go for
I wish there ws an app to help determine Genotype Enter Name: Enter Sex: Father's Name: Mother's Maiden Name: Click Enter For Genotype
I need an app to get good music, any good ones?
need an app to check inactive followers lah
wish there was an app to block everyone from school from creepin on your twitter
There needs to be an app for old school 90s hip hop
I need a smartphone having an app, for my air-conditioner!
Someone needs to invent an app that automatically takes all of your photos from Facebook and puts them into albums somewhere.
they need an app that writes papers 😒
I wish there was an app to download to deleted messages from someone's phone
I wish there was an app to send farts to people.
We need an app to keep track of what the Clintons et al. believe right this minute so we can adjust our attitudes accordingly.
What really needs to be invented is an App that tweets the lyrics to the song you're listening to because you're feeling it so much.
I want an app that makes Siri sound like #BradPitt from #snatch
I want an app that tells me where
i want an app that just shows me where the closest fried chicken is
I wish the bases had an app to tell you which gate had traffic 😒
i need an app to listen music for free :-(
There needs to be an app that you can put in whether you're walking, driving, or biking, and it takes you somewhere cool.
Wish there was an app that tracked where all of the buses were, fed up of them forever being late!
In serious need of an app that doesn't allow you to text whilst smashed
Someone needs to make an App that Links you out of LinkedIn #LinkedOut
Someone needs to invent an app that places Spiny Norman in classy cable dramas.
I wish there was an app that could turn ur phone into a portable fan
I need an app for music.
I wish there was an app that warned you about ass like people
I know it’s a beautiful fever dream, to want a single subscription with an app that works, but this is what happens when your mind is taxed.
there needs to be an app that allows you to blank out annoying people who photobomb your pics
I wish there was an app that ensured my choice of advertising/edutainment came to me, and paid for all other services #ideamachine
I wish there was an app that simply connected a name, current home and birthplace for all of my contacts. #ideamachine
Express Tan needs an app that keeps up with how many minutes you have left on your account and what not.
I wish they would make an app that you could use while at the nail salon that translates what the Chinese woman say secretly😂😂 so sneaky!
There needs to be an app that turns your phone into bacon
They need to make an app that prevents me from tweeting for at least 30 minutes after a Cubs loss. 🐻😡⚾️
my daughter wants to create an app that creates game apps #meta
I wish there was an app that deleted tweets but not pictures
I want an app that sends Holidays cards to everyone in all social medias and contact list with one button &gt;.&gt;
I need an app that doesn't use data for music!!!
I seriously need an app to watch tv shows on my phone.
Need an app that can catalog all the diplomats that drive like assholes.
I need an app to download videos from YouTube as soon as possible!
There needs to be an app that you can use to direct people to specific articles relating to what that person is saying, so they understand
They need an app that plays music according to your mood
I need an app to lock pics on my iPhone
I need an app for iPhones to download music on to my phone asap 🆘🆘🆘
need an app for find my headphones🎶
I wish there was an app that screenshotted my messages and saved them in one clickable clump instead of me sending them individually
They need to make an app to find songs from a vine or YouTube video or something
I wish there was an app that let you share smells. #E32015
Everyone needs an app that tracks there unfollowers :) cause your followers ain't loyal 😂
I need an app that delivers backwoods.
I need an app that hacks into peoples wifi
I wish they had an app for The Onion😪
I need an app that notifies me exactly when someone gets on twitter.. it's 2015 please tell me it exists
I wish there was an app that double checked with you before you sent a snap or a text to specific people. #areyasure
Need an app to download albums!!!
i wish they had an app to find my damn keys
i need to stop playing and fill out an app for wendys
I wanted to create an app that would crash my phone this morning and it did. First time someone was happy they broke their phone
I need an app that prohibits me from tweeting past midnight
There needs to be an app for finding a thermostat and proper light switches when in a unfamiliar home...
There needs to be an app that tells me how crowded Malibu is rn
Wish there was an app to track my wallet
There needs to be an app to fix a shattered phone screen 📱
I need an app that gives hairstyle ideas &amp; outfit ideas
I want an app to import music to my videos!😩
They need an app for dating professional black men who aren't pretentious assholes.
I still need to know of an app that will give me free music to put in a video.. Does anybody know one?
wish there was an app that showed all the underground music sets poppin off in atl..
Don't understand why anyone would feel the need to use an app to make themselves look skinner? Just go down the gym, it's a lot less hassle
I wish they had an app that could track a shark card because it's gone missing #help
I wish there was an app that could show me my old snap story 😍😭
i wish there was an app to find out what the song you've had stuck in your head for ages is, when you only know the tune😡😡
I wish there was an app that could tell you if you're making a mistake or not.
I need an app that will silence notifications, but not phone calls, in specific hours (= nights). Recommendations welcome (Android).
They need to make an app that tells you who secretly wanted the d every year of your life
There needs to be an app that tells you when the beach ramps close for high tide and when they'll open back up
wish there was an app that sent you an idea for a blog post once a day. 💻
In desperate need of finding an app to replace itube. 😩
we need an app that can block unwanted #s, trace unknown callers, record threatening phone calls, &amp; directly link them to emergency help
Setting alarms to ring on weekdays only, the catch is that they even ring on holidays. Need an app to set it to avoid holidays.
All reedley needs is an app for new students, the menu, news, ac sign up, etc. all they need is an app developer. *cough* *cough*
I want an app that lets me point and click to identify elements of a citation and then use that template to parse a list of text references.
I need an app that has an icon that looks like a plus sign and another app that loos like an alt icon for a theme
Wish there was an app to show you where cabs were near you
I wish there was an app, that helped out of town weed smokers to find a local weedman, wherever they are 💯
Someone needs to make an app that is like shazam but for movies. You can point the camera at the tv and it tells you what movie is playing.
I need an app to show me how to explain basic division to my son. Any suggestions?
I wish there was an app that showed you where the cheapest gas is
I wish there was an app to download free music on iPhones without having to be on wifi or data
I want/need there to be an app that tells me all the best food on my road trip route
I need an app that tells me what to do at 4am and someone attractive within a 5 block radius
We need an app that edits out YouTube ads.
I wish there was an app that told you how crowded the grocery store was.
I need an app that tells me how crowded safeway is right now
There needs to be an app that allows you to see where ice cream men are in youre area and request them to come down your street
Someone needs to make an app for delivery guys. The app just opens Google Maps on their mobile phones.
There needs to be an app that kills flies.
they need an app that shows you exactly where all the city buses are so you know if it's gunna be early or late and don't waste your time
I want an app that parrots everything in a funny voice.
I wish there was an app that would allow you to delete your number from someone else's phone
I want an app that gives me meaningful information...
All we need now is an app that adds Komal Rizvi on your profile picture instantly..
I need an app that looks at your interactions with people and decides if it should or when it should notify you when their birthday is
Pensacola needs an app that tells us what beach traffic looks like at all times
I want an app that reads different fonts in different voices! With customizable voices! Get on it internet.
in desperate need of an app that catalogs my closet then puts together cute outfits for me everyday
I want to make an app that will bang
I wish there was an app to find my headphones
Someone needs to invent an app for doctors and patients for automatic alerts when doctors are behind schedule. #rant
I wish there was an app that can tell me when I'm wasting my time....󾍀
We need an app that involves Buzz Aldrin punching people who deny the Charleston massacre was a racist attack.
I want an app that helps organize research. Like old school note cards but with sorting capabilities and keywords. Where is it? #needapp
I need an app that schedules tweets for my campaign. Hmm.
I need an app that lets me play pheonix wright - pursuit cornered whenever
Someone needs to figure out an app to undo 2007 to 2010.
There needs to be an app to find ice cream shops in #Halifax. Does such a thing exist? Somebody get on that!
I just want to do a bunch of quaaludes and drive around a Lamborghini there should be an app for that its 2015
I need an app that downloads food 😩😩😩
Need an app to show people how trailer trash they are. Any developers keen on the challenge?! Ha
wish there was an app that could tell me what everyone's listening to on public transportation
We need an app for girls that have boys reputations or reviews on for other girls to see
How to know if you are a #millennial: you wish there was an app that would pee for you.
I need an app to put videos together asap #ReplyTweet
#mTa need an app to let U scan/checc your metro 6alance 6efore U get denied at the 🚇 or 🚍 •
I need an app that delivers real edible mac and cheese to my phone through the internet pls
I wish that when you deleted an app that you bought you get your money back
i wish there was an app to help me fall asleep #ThereIsntAnAppForThat
I need an app to download songs!!! Someone tell me a good one !!
I wish there was an app to make your forehead look smaller
There needs to be an app that lets you know how many people are in a place so you dont waste a trip there.
Job_Oklahoma: #Job #OklahomaCity Need an app to post a list of words and phrases and locate them alphabetically. (Edmond) -:... …
Need an app for free music - iPhone
I wish there was an app that would tell you what key signatures songs are written in if you can't find tabs anywhere
I need an app that would let me upload pictures on my snapchat
Need an app to tell you what the speed limit is on the road your on, or just no speed limits 😏🚔❓
Wish they had an app to tell who's been lurking on your profile 💀
I need an app to help me transfer my thoughts to words.
Wish there was an app for getting ready. *Tap* Showered, dressed, hair done, make-up on. Ten seconds flat. #effort
needs an app to auto-block every creep who still talks about that american teacher who was convicted for sexually harassing students
They need to make an app that tells you all the food places you're gonna pass on the way to your gps destination
they need to make an app for girls with no girlfriends to go out and meet other girls to hang with and party with tbh
I wish there was an app to find your soulmate . I'm tired of games , stG
wish there was an app that tells me the right thing to do
I wish there was an app that paged ice cream trucks to come to your location. Patent pending #icecream #icecreamtruck
I wished there was an app for this
ok actually need to find an app that turns my phone off at 11 pm every single night &amp; won't let me argue with it
I need an app for offline music downloading 😭
What do you wish there was an app for?
I really need an app to download music
I need an app that notifies me when the light has turned green
Someone needs to invent an app for adults that deciphers your 16 yr old's text messages for you 😒
I need an app that shuts my phone off , masengzobheda or sengdakiwe
They need to make an app to figure out if the people around you are talking about you in a different language… call it the Frank Costanza
Someone has been emailing me saying they want to create an app for "my site" and it would be 100% free. I'm not sure about this.
I want an app that's Periscope crossed with Yelp so people are just reviewing cold meat plates in my local area constantly
I wish there was an app that allowed you to see how you'd look with different hair styles 😜😁
I need an app that plays Angry Birds. That would save me a lot of time.
Need an app that tracks Kickstarter projects you didn’t back, but wanted to buy once it finishes (if it ever finishes).
I need an app to download my songs 😩😩😩
Please some geek out there, we need an app that can detect. If you are a man or woman o! Enough of the #Tranny #Transpregnant thing. Yuck!
I wish there was an app that showed where cool travel pictures were taken. The world is so beautiful, but so damn huge 😂
I wish there was an app for checkpoints in your area
Someone needs to create an app that will unsubscribe me from every junk email I've ever subscribed to. With the click of one button. Thanks.
I want an app that renders Mondays unrecognizable.
I need an app to put up my laundry 😩
I wish there was an app to tell us how many people are in the In N out Drive thru at all times 👌
I really think we need an app to untangle this earphones
I wish there was an app to tell you if the gym was crowded or not
If a person needs an app to find "who is True friend?.." It mean he/she actually don't have a true friend.
i need an app that will let me save the videos on people's snap stories, anyone know any good ones???
The people who wish there was an app to see who's stalking their twitter account probably don't have any people lurking anyway.
Someone needs to invent an app that blows up paddling pools.
They need to make an app that tells you how far a place is and how much gas it will take
I want an app that finds you free parking and/or the cheapest parking within walking distance. Does anything vaguely like that exist?
They need to make an app for paleteros
wish they had an app to see these undercover ass callers number.
They need to make an app for Twitter that will mute all the politics.
I wish there was an app that got back every picture / post that was deleted out of anger but you wish you still had😓
Desperately needing an app that does this: You d'load Paper X and then the app offers to d'load all the avail papers cited by Paper X.
They need an app that can put fb, Twitter and ig on one timeline
i wish there was an app that automatically found a header for you that matched your icon
I need an app that will temporarily brick my phone for a predetermined amount of time.
I wish there was an app that cleared your apps for you
I wish there was an app to help me find my remote 😅
Wish there was an app to turn off the light. I'm too lazy for anything
There needs to be an app to tell you what nail salon has openings.
We need an app that shows the nearest biltong places.
Someone needs to invent an app to fix pics with snapchat captions on it when your forget to save the original 😪
Need an app to send smells to my friends
need an app to match clothes from my closet
I wish Facebook would make an app that overlays a confederate flag on your picture so I'd know who to remove.
I just want an app that can play songs with no internet 😔
Think #Strava really need to consider an app for #golf ... Amount I'm playing I'd be smashing the segments out!
I need an app to listen to free music off of.
Do people really need an app to remind them to take out the trash? Wall-E inches closer every day
I need an app that locks my phone when I'm feeling low.
I need an app that temporarily deletes a phone number so i'm not tempted to text, and he's the next one to text back first! #killerapp
I need an app for cracking one's head open and inserting the contents of 50 dry academic articles.
I need an app that downloads YouTube vids and plays them without wifi or 4g . Help.
There needs to be an app to translate what the Chinese women are saying about you while they're doing your nails.
Someone needs to invent an app that doesn't let you tweet certain people and make Keegan one of my people
I need an app that tells me when I’m sending text to wrong person. Or a brain. #whicheverischeaper
I need an App that tells me about the Traffic areas.
I wish they had an app that would tell you when the bridges dtb are open or closed
i wish there was an app that would automatically spam 5sos for me
I wish there was an app that helped you find your earphones when you lost them
I wish there was an app to find the plug
I just wish there was an app for that sometimes.
i want an app that saves my gifs in my camera roll not my videos
Need an app to detect clients that will only convert if wining/dining is involved. will pay on commission basis.
Wish they had an app to find weed around you in places where it's not legal 👀
Can someone just deliver beer to me? They need an app for that.
I wish there was an app that would find your bank card for you.
There needs to be an app that compresses my long stories into 140 characters for me.
I wish there was an app that reminded you if you broke your wudu or if you still have it.
I need an app that will help me find the matching sock.
Anyone want to help me develop an app that keeps ugly selfies off your Twitter and Facebook feeds? #sorrynotsorry
They need an app to help locate your spouse you became detached from while shopping in a Walmart.
I wish there was an app that stopped you from texting people you're not supposed to be texting anymore.
My #CondoSeniors want to develop an app to correct my #FatFingers
I want an app that you put in how much time you have and your location and it just takes you on a random adventure
I wish there was an app that helped you realize who is and isn't worth your time
People who need an app to tell them who "bae" is talking to when they're not around probably shouldn't be in that relationship
I need an app to monitor Robin`s activities online
they need to make an app that tells you what food places are on your route when you're driving down the highway
He need an app to delete his tweets and start over.
I need an app that gets me free music sos
Also there needs to be an app that hunts down Facebook friends who don't " like"pictures of your kids and demands to know why?!!!
I need an app that can change my profile pic in every social media all in the same damn time
I wish there was an app that would warn you when you're about to sit on something wet
There needs to be an app that shows where it's flooding at
I wish there was an app that translated what the nail ladies say.
Ok...so..now...we need to develop an app...that tells use the locations of all the nearest cookouts going on in the area
Need an app that uses the iPhone accelerometer to detect drumming on the desk, and hearts the song iTunes is playing.
Wish there was an app that showed how many hoopers were at a certain park. Would make life easier
I need an app to make a video for ig.
Anyone want to make an app that you have to show before using self check out that shows you've completed a simple test and aren't a moron?
Wish there was an app that told the nearest ice cream truck to come to your neighborhood #ChocoTaco #Screwball #Spongebob #powerpuffgirls
wish there was an app that can help me find my money
i was deeply asleep in a beautiful trance but my mum wanted me to download an app for her so woke me up, splendid
i need to find an app that's not illegal to watch American Horror Story on
I need to make an app for the eyebrows.
Windows Phone may not be dead today, but who wants to spend time polishing an app for a *mobile* platform few will use. Sad day. #wpdev
I want to make an app that lets Prius owners rent out their cars to people who want to be uber drivers
I wish there was an app to see where people got their clothes in photos
There needs to be an app that tells you when the ice cream vans coming 😒
Need an app to get free music. Anyone know one?
I need an app for my Subaru that keeps my Endurox cold
I wish there was an app to find clothing to your personal preferences
You don't even need an app to fake your location. Check, peep my location.
There needs to be an app for Terre Haute that tells you which roads are railroaded
I wish there was an app that let you remove captions from saved #Snapchat pics.
I wish my phone had an app that would let me know I'm about to walk into something while texting.
I want an app that shuffles backgrounds for me like a computer
I need an app that'll organize my life
I need an app that will notify me when I'm about to waste hours writing unnecessary code.
They need an app that is just Liam Neeson's voice and it reads you bed time stories at night. I'd pay at least $7 for that.
I need an app to download music on for iPhone 😫😫 help !!!
Someone needs to come up with an app that corrects peoples eyebrows
There needs to be an app that gives a walking tour of all the places you can get free samples in a city.
iPhones need an app, that tell you where the parties at in your area 😂😂
Wish there was an app that tracked the ministers of this country. I'm really curious about where our leaders go to be with themslves
There needs to b an app for finding pot #nugplug #wherethenugsat #uwm
I need an app to rainbowify my avi. Halp.
Does anyone on twitter not "host" a hashtag game ?Damn,I almost need an app to find all the stupid tags.The tags are funnier than the tweets
They need to make an app that tells us where the ice cream truck is as we miss him every day. We could ping the truck to come to our hood.
Why would anybody feel the need to make an app that lets you view someone's "private snapchats"? Does privacy mean anything anymore ?
There needs to be an app that you can type in your shopping list and it tells you what to get first so you don't have to back track.
App Store needs a way to minimize the description of an app that updates.
there needs to be an app to help choose what selfie to post
At the batting cages with my daughter hitting 65mph baseballs. Wish there was an app to help judge power &amp; swing accuracy. ⚾️ #SoftballMom
I want an app that allows me to block every person who has RaymondBates in their name.
i wish there was an app to track the corn man
they really need to make an app to find certain emojis they're hard to find😁😂
I want an app that takes whatever song I'm listening to and can recommend me a book based on the soul of the music.
Why on Earth do we need an app to tell us who deleted you on Facebook? -.-
they need to make an app that lets you type in a scenario and gives you the perfect meme to describe the situation
I want an app that turns my face into a minion
There needs to be an app that changes the backgrounds of websites to softer colors because all this white is unoriginal &amp; gives me headaches
Need an app to tell me where the cheapest gas is locally.
I wish there was an app to find a connect wherever you go
I need to find an app to download music 😣.
I need an app for all the good remixes they don't have on iTunes.
I need an app that unfollows people!!
I need an app that has Dancehall music &amp; the names of the artist
Now all Asia needs is an app to beautify the ugly within
At this rate, by next summer we'll be needing an app to rem us every time there's a troika repayment to be made, multiple times a day.
need an app that just stops me from checking twitter until there are new Pluto results!
flvs really needs an app that you can work on
Wish there was an app to see who visits my profile cause the know this bottom of the barrel..... nvm let me not be mean. 😒
I wish there was an app that would tell me if the gym was packed or not that would be so sick
i need an app for twitter that will send me my notifications....any suggestions?....other than twitter for iPhone
there needs to be an app that can turn my light off when I'm already in bed
There needs to be an app that locates the nearest ice cream truck and lets you know in how long it'll be at your spot so you never miss it 😩
Need an app that reads out emails when my eyes need to be on the road... Any ideas?
Wish there was an app that gives you the old twitter.
I need an app to replace Scalia's dissents with pictures of cats.
We need an app to help us find parking.
i need an app to tell me how loud the fart's gonna sound
Need an app for creating timelines - any suggestions?
i need someone to talk to about issues in the world with is their like an app for feminists that should be a thing
I want an app that shields me from any reminder of the world surrounding me in any way, just for a moment.
I wish there was an app that helps me find the elote man 😭
i wish there was an app that would change san francisco back
i need an app that automatically dms a random swear word to all those who unfollow me.
Wish there was an app for finding things you've lost
If you seriously need an app to see who your significant other is texting, then you should really reevaluate your relationship.
I wish there was an app to brush my teeth
I wish there was an app that would magically give me food in less than 10 seconds
Someone needs to invent an app that encourages me to not participate in any youth events and nap more.
They need an app that tells you how good your sex game is
Wish there was an app to get my life together
we need an app that shows us free places to find parking in big cities, cus biiiiiiiiiiiiih
I need to find an app for music
I wish there was an app to give yourself wifi
Look, they really need to come up with an app that can indicate if a woman is a tranny or technology as a whole is useless.
They need an app that tells you the location that you got a persons number at
i need an app that transcribes interviews and scolds me for bad follow-up questions
they need an app that turns your facial expression into an emoji!
I need an app that lets me call my keys🙈
They need to make an app that tells you how many people are currently at the gym !!!
I need an app that will tell me how many spiders previous tenants have seen in the apartment I'm about to rent.
i wish there was an app that notified you when you're near a celebrity...
We need an app that can determine the ripeness of a fruit with a picture/sound.
Someone needs to invent an app that suggests things to do in your town when you're bored af
I need an app to download free music ... 😕
I am really in need of an app that gives realistic weather reports like "too windy to walk home in a dress" 👗💨
I want an app that tells me how many hours I've killed waiting for people to get back to me
Need an app that says "Hey, wake up and go outside and you will for sure see the Northern Lights!"
Wish there was an app that told you where the icecream man was and when he was coming through.
I wish their was an app to find people with similar interests so you can just borrow them for the day #lonelyaf
Defo need an app that tells ye how many mph the taxi drivers gawn
I need an app to save Snapchat
I need an app that you can upload videos and edit them to like music and stuff sos
There needs to be an app that makes it impossible to send any texts after 1am any text sent after that will be regretted in the morning
I need an app that tells me the temperature of my bed and the temperature of my place and whether it is too cold to get out under the covers
i wish there was an app that told you where it's flooded
I want an app that lets you know if the parking nazis are around you
I wish there was an app to call my wallet 😩
I need an app that gives me a scale of how crazy Walmart will be today
I'm sick of people on vine coming at Justin and saying he can't sing. because they need an app that posts 6 seconds videos to be famous.
They need to make an app that takes off the Snapchat text when you forget to save your selfie before you type on it.
I wish there was an app to tell who blocked you 💕
I wish there was an app that tracked the paletero &amp; elote man.
there need to be an app that tracks the ice cream trucks in your area
There needs to be an app that stops me from going on my phone at this time of night 😟
I want to invent an app that restricts people from screen shotting your texts. And if they try..their phone explodes immediately
I need an app that reminds me to roll up the windows in my car every time it starts raining
I need an app for the Internet and life to gain media blackout on anything #TheForceAwakens let it all be a surprise!
I wish there was an app that could ignore any reference to the Kardashians anywhere on your social media
They need to make an app that reduces hunger
Snapguide needs an android app. Quotev needs an app for phones.
I need to invent an app that reminds you when you forget to turn on the switch after plugging in the cable
We need an app that brings funny, smart, slightly awkward men to our doors that isn't also a form of prostitution.
I really need an app to tell me whether to wear a coat or not.
I want an app that giggles uncontrollably when you touch the screen. Like a Tickle-Me-Elmo on a phone. It can also shake.
We need an app to alert folk to when audrey is audreying so we can come laugh at the victims mowing down under that bus. #bb17
I need an App that continuosly reminds me after every 5 mints that * Phone Side Main Rakh Ke Kuch Parh Lay Begairat *
There needs to be an app for your phone where an alarm goes off when a certain person texts you
I wish there was an app to clone myself. Then I’d yell at the developer if something didn’t get done.
I wish there was an app that could make our own emojis
i need an app to download cause my icons are uneven
I wish there was an app to find an elote man near you
how to tell your phone is eating your brain: need a painkiller and goes to search for an app for that
Somebody needs to build an app to locate your group for Concerts on the Square. So many people lost and waving
Someone needs to make an app that replaces Twitter
I want an app that will tell me what font I'm looking at. #graphicdesignproblems
I need to find an app that saves sc videos .😩
They need an app that deletes double chins off pictures
I want to create an app that makes people think they have Alzheimers or cancer so they appreciate being healthy
The butcher needs an app to deliver local fresh foods to any house in the area
I want to make an app for people who grind their teeth.
I wish there was an app that would tell me how many calories I've burned just sweating on these hot ass days. #whyamicleaning
I wish there was an app that turned your iPhone into a fan #iFan 🌞😰
I need an app that automatically removes "you sanctimonious prick" from the end of my comments and me from internet comment sections
I wish there was an app to mute people...
i need an app that shows me what android emojis look like on iphone and desktop
I need an app that will go pee for me
I wish there was an app to close doors. #lazysunday
I need an app that just sends me the numbers of people around me Like this cute af waiter
We need an app to filter updates on social media and news sites. Some things are not worth seeing over and over. #tech #gossip #kardashians
I wish there was an app that could take people out of my pictures.
i wish there was an app for tweetdeck im too lazy to go on my computer ://
i need an app that tells me if someone is currently pwning me
You shouldn't need an app to see who your man or girl have been texting. It's called trust and without that your relationship is nothing.
I wish there was an app for finding pot enthusiasts and merchants in the area.
I need an app to put videos together off my phone.. Why is this so hard to find.
Disneyland needs to make an app that locates all of the churro stands
Need to still schedule an app for senior portraits 😅
We need an app to keep track of which Zuma allegedly bribed who for what and where.
I need an app that's going to get me albums without paying
I just wish they would invent an app for people who can't sleep to talk about how they can't sleep
i need an app that will let me joint 2 pictures. like put one picture on top of another
We need to develop an app that lets you crop out the number in the top right corner so people don't know you're posting SnapChat pictures
I wish there was an app that made us do all the things we talk about over here
i want an app that can turn my computer on and off
working at honda.. cust "i need to make an app. for my car" ok what kind of car do you have? cust "a honda"
i wish there was an app that could tell you what your name is in someone's phone
i need an app to keep all my outfit pictures in..
I want an app that allows you to choose soundtracks for photos #photography
They need to make an app that'll take my tests for me
I need an app that makes a picture look white
There needs to be an app that transcribes interviews for me. And, does it precisely.
I wish there was an app that told you who lurked on your page .
There needs to be an app that makes your pics look like fetty wap
We need an app to tell me where people aren't at? #ihatetraffic #ihatelines #ihatecrowds
we need an app for a fan. #immelting
i wanted to say "I wish there was an app for lparchive but the way its laid out on mobile is a really nice fit on screen
I hate that everything needs an app for your phone
Who wants to invent an app that connects prospective #musictherapy clients to #scholarships and #funding??? hmmmm.....
Who wants to invent an app that connects #healthcare clients to local #musictherapy ists... #ondemand #oncall ... ?
I wish there were an app to where you could sit next to the attractive females on a flight.
i need an app that punts me into outer space if im not asleep by like 1am
There needs to be an app that lets you view private accounts and pree. Yeah I'm that Creepy 😂😂😂
There needs to be an app to locate weed near you ! 😂😂👌🏼💯✔️
Need an app to download films for holiday 😭😩
wish there was an app to see where the stoners are in your area with bud to share thatd be clutch rn
Need to make an app that picks out the most ideal emojis for your tweet or current mood. Brb getting this paper.
I wish there was an app that switched that Bieber/Skrillex song to something by Pavement when my roommate walks in
I wish there was an app that told me when is a good time visit a bank or post office when there are no queues...
There needs to be an app to track your bus so you know if it decides to show up 20 minutes late... #grt
I need an app to post all my videos on 😏
I wish they can make an app to see who blocked u.
I need an app that has good music
I need an app to tell me whether or not it's thundering because weather apps are useless as are my ears.
Wish there was some sort of an app that shows a person who unfollowed you, so that you also do the same to em...
There needs to be an app that uses recognition software to tell you who authored a painting.
I wish there was an app that lets me see what's inside the fridge without getting up.
instagram needs an app for macbook .
I want to create an app that makes it easier to find out what a stripper's tattoo means.
There needs to be an app to find people with pools
Someone needs to invent an app that lets you answer you phone with that creepy voice masker they use in horror movies
I wish there was an app that you could scan faces and find someone on social media. struggles of seeing a cute stranger 😔
They need an app that shows when someone snap shots your text !
I need an app to help me make friends
I need an app that blocks particular artists across all my music players (see: Tyga, Pitbull, Flo-Rida, Tech Nine)
I want an app that can tell if a person's Twitter posts are song lyrics or not😌😓
wish there was an app that was like uber but for hugs when you really need one
I wish they had an app for losing weight
They need to create an app that has someone that delivers food from literally anywhere.
I wish there was an app that could identify good hoop runs on the island.
I wish there was an app that lets me see every snapchat I've ever sent
I wish there were an app that showed you what you would look like before you cut or dyed your hair a certain way, just in case it looks bad
I still wish there was an app that allows one to delete their number from someone else's phone.
I want to purchase an app for my phone, but I'm too lazy to type in my credit card number.
I wish there was an app that let you vent to it
I want to learn to develop an app for Android 🙏
I need an app to plan things on!
I need an app that tracks my data... Suggestions?
I need an app for good transitions bc iMovie is dumb as fućk rn
I need an app to edit videos. Help?
I wish there was an app to sort who you follow into fandoms
I wish there was an app for Ecton
Need investors for an app idea. An app that tells you the nearest place to get a slushie. ©™
there needs to be an app that captions your Instagram pictures for you 😊
I wish there was an app to erase my number out of certain peoples phone
This fandom needs an app to keep up with all the dram that goes on😴
there needs to be an app that warns you if you're about to walk into a lamp post
There needs to be an app to track down ice cream trucks
I need an app to find my watch.
There needs to be an app that yells "5-0, 5-0!!" At you every time you're near the popo
I need an app that can delete old tweets asp
Somebody needs to make an app to delete all tweets about your girl when ya'll breakup
I wish there was an app that, when you were looking for a book, could tell you where it was in your house
I wish there was an app for locating my clothes! 👗👠👙👒
There needs to be an app that pops up after you've been sitting online for 45 minutes that says "shouldn't you be doing something else?"
Need an app that tells me what local taprooms are open on a Tuesday night in one place.
Twitter needs an app to see # of folks who have blocked you. Would be interesting to see if Olean out numbers Drexel. UotOoR/fodu, etc.
I kind of want to get an app to see who unfollows me. Maybe then that'll help me figure out who to unfollow
I need to find an app that will link all my apps together!!! 😏 #confused #socialmedia
They really need an app that sends our schedules to us.
I want an app for making friends. Like Grindr, but for finding someone in my area to people-watch and drink coffee with.
I wish mgf had an app . Or they made an app for us lady's to sell videos n stuff . 🙊
I wish there was an app that could help me track down my keys 😑
I wish my phone had an app to turn it into a mini fan.
I need an app that has an icon that looks like a 6 year old or around that age.
I actually need an app to watch anime hmmm
They need to make an app that takes all the tomatoes and removes them from your salad
I need an app that list where the drink specials are each night
I need an app that lets me talk in the cc so Corey can be a bad influence on me anywhere
Wish my phone had an app for going outside
Someone needs to make an app that shows the current drive thru wait time at all surrounding In-n-Outs 🍔
I wish there was an app that would tell you if the gym was packed or not
i need an app that will collage 100 pictures 😩😩😩 .
We need to hv an app for our politicians - as soon as they think of speaking a lie, their voice should be disabled.
I wish there was an app that would just pack for my suitcase for me.
Wish there was an app that told me whether someone was into me or not😕
I need an app that said that before
Wish there was an app that could generate Pitbull-free versions of songs
They need an app to prevent sappy girls with sappy hearts from sending sappy messages to mean boys late at night
Why would anyone want an app that shows you who unfollowed? That just leads to angst and sadness and bitterness and resentment! Not good.
Someone needs to invent an app that skips songs #UptownFunk #killmenow
I wish there was an app that shot meatballs into my mouth
I wish there was an app to find your cigs
I want to be someones non magical special friend and there isnt an app for that
Wish they had an app that delivered roll up to the crib
I need an app that can compas point out hoes
i wish there was an app that would load a random track from sc and if you swiped right it would nxc it or swipe left to skip track 🔮👉⏩
I need an app that actually deletes tweets :/
I need an app that's like tinder that shows me people my age around me buuut that want to hang out and be my friend not hook up.
I wish there was an app to find other people who wanted to have spontaneous dance parties
there needs to be an app to summon someone to watch your stuff at the library while you go poop.
I just want an app that's going to tell me if the movie theatre is going to be too hot or too cold. #thermomtheatre
I need an app to find out who fw me and who doesn't
any/every company needs an app for easier browsing on devices #getwiththetimes
I wish there was an app to track how long my average bathroom session was
Just need an app that actually lets you download music and listen without wifi but nooooo
Wish there was an app to tell you who you are muting
I wish there was an app that showed you who stalks your Twitter and Instagram
Seriously they needa make an app that translates what ling ling says when doing my nails 😼
Wish they had an app to meet and hire strippers
You know how after you use an iTunes gift card, you usually have like a penny left over? Someone needs to make an app for that penny. #money
We need an app to keep track of the "new" government definitions of words. Who's on that?
"Basically we want an app that combines tinder, LinkedIn, and my fitness pal that takes the choice out of lunch for you." ... k lemme just-
I need an app for white guys that like black girls
I wish there was an app that could clean and organize my bedroom for me.
They need to make an app to help a dude get a gf
Need an app that will tell me what to eat.
Someone needs to invent an app that filters all sports posts out of my feeds
I wish there was an app that showed my bank balance in number of beers instead of dollars
I want to make an app that will send the effective power text to people once every minute for an undetermined amount if time. Any interest?
I wish there was an app for looking up good places to park my bike
I wish there was an app to locate the hot guys near me
i need an app that will make my voice sound like fetty wap's
I wish there was an app that told you what percent everyone participated in the group text.
i wish there was an app for not reading the whole internet instead of starting grad school apps, besides willpower
I wish there was an app that would tell me if my app idea already exists
I need an app that plays the line "Megatron: Fresh Meat" when there's a new group of hires at the store
I need an app that tells me when everyone's album comes out fr
Need an app to do push notifications for food leftovers.
Why would anyone want an app that gets you more Instagram likes
I need an app that converts youtube videos to music on my android... Help me
I need an app that tells me which apps I've accidentally deleted while innocently holding my phone.
We need an app that lets you take a selfie with a group of friends and then the app tells you which person in that group farted last
I need an app that controls the light in my room... *searches for app*
I wish there was an app that could make me taste and smell my pics on my phone😍
I need an app that replaces all the minions on the internet/Pinterest with literally anything else.
I need an app that continously reminds me after 5 mints that: "Phone side me rakh k kuch parh le begairt" 😃
i need an app that counts down to 2016
#asg needs an app for info on all the players &amp; honorees, bts interviews and opps for engagement during the live broadcast. Ads can fund it
I need an app that can delete all these fkin tweets lmfao
Wishing there was an app that told me whether to bike to work today (in nyc) according to the weather. To get a 2nd opinion.
I need an app for music that doesn't use 3G fml
Wish there was an app that popped food up right infront of me.
I wish there was an app that told you where you last put something
I need an app to lose weight asap
"I wish there was an app that would tell you exactly how racist your friends are." "There is. It's called Facebook."
They need to create an app that's alerts you when there's someone in your area that wants to grab a drink and doesn't have anyone to go with
Yahoo Auctions Japan is the most amazing thing ever, but checking it daily with Japanese search terms is a chore. We need an app for that! 😁
they need to make an app that tells you how packed a movie theater is for a certain movie ya
There needs to be an app that foreshadows whether or not a person is ever going to respond to your text.
I need an app to download music 😩
We need an app to show us places that pay living wage so we can choose to shop at companies that take care of their employees like Costco
There needs to be an app to find cuddle buddies.
I fr need an app to put all my music on, I'm going crazy not bein able to listen to all the new songs coming out.
Need an app that lets me know which small southern cities are safe to stop in on road trips.
I need to download an app to block numbers.
I wish there was an app that can tell me when the paletero man comes around
Does anyone else wish there was an app to see how other people have your number saved in their phones?
Wish their was an app to turn on the light 😔
I wish there was an app that could filter fake deep tweets.
In need of an app that magically puts you and all of your friends in the same time zone. You feel me?
They need to make an app that automatically sends you to sleep. Call it iWantToSleep. Or iNeedToBeProductive.
I need an app that rates folk's sex game... Let me know what I'm getting myself into beforehand lmao.
I wish there was an app to tell you who has you muted!
I need an app to review my A&amp;P. Any suggestions?
They need an app to translate what Asians be saying when you in the nail shop 😒
Need an app that has my whole wardrobe on it to organise outfits rather than having to empty all my clothes out each time 😒
Low key want an app that alerts me when I'm within a few miles of a jimmy johns
There needs to be an app that tells you what's playing on all the local radio stations
I wish there was an app that told me when there was a sex and the city marathon on tv
I want to make an app that syncs with Google maps to show you the best coffee shops along your trip route. Maybe this already exists.
I want to create an app that tells me how old Spanish girls are.
Need an app that goes beyond the superficiality. How about swipe right for an interesting thought.
Need an app to filter out Ibiza line ups
There needs to be an app that says when 🏀 is going down at the campus
Setting alarms to ring on weekdays only,the catch is that they even ring on holidays. Need an app to set it to avoid holidays.
Want an app that automatically blocks anyone who calls Sandy Koufax overrated. #LivingLegend
i need like an app that can tell when im angry and lock me out of all social media and messaging apps
Trying to block bots is hard, their needs to be an app for this
I need an App to download music😐 Anyone know of Any?
I need someone to create an app that finds and locates all my lost items.
there needs to be an app to delete all of your instagram pictures.
i wish there was an app that would transform my facial expressions into emojis
Kind of wish there was an app that would pack your house, move you, then unpack your stuff. #packing #movingsucks
I wish there was an app that could tell you who checks/stalks your Twitter 😇
I wish there was an app that would help you pick out which selfie to post
Someone needs to make an app for fat women and the men who love them. Id join. soulswipe #tinder #onlinedating #bbw #biggirls #swiperight
Wish there was an app to punch somebody in the face.
I should not have said that 😐😕 needs to be an app to unsend text messages.
Wish there was an app that you could take a picture of someone and all their social media pops up😭
i wish there was an app that would track where my lighters are
somebody needs to make an app for motorcycle passenger rides
A need an app that sends me motivational / devotionals in a text message every morning for game days
there needs to be an app that shows what stores have dollar off 27s
I wish there was an app that told me if it was raining or sunny outside without me actually having to get up
My phone has got ugly emojis man. Need to download an app for this
forever wishing there was an app to cover up my double chin
Wish there was an app that people all had that would show who's around and down to hang. This twitter location thing is for the cops.
Someone needs to make an app that lists all the healthy entrees at any restaurant. #realisticmuch
There needs to be an app that cooks for you.
Someone needs to create an app that reminds you of all the health benefits of working out when you snooze your alarm clock for the gym
I wish there was an App that scans famous faces &amp; tells you who they are. I'm seeing so many familiar ones but can't place them.
Wish there was an app for ending #racism.
I wish there was an app that read any text (article, text message, tweets, etc) on your phone aloud!
Somebody needs to make an app that shows you the wait at urgent cares
There needs to be an app that shows you what snaps you sent
need someone to design an app that lets you know how close you are to a dealer- right??
I need an app for free movies tho....
Wishing there was an app for guys to learn how not to be stupid ...... How hard could it be ?
I wish there was an app that enabled you to check if local coffee shops have seating. It's too hot for send-off missions today.
I need to find an app that has lil Wayne's new album😰😤
I need an app that can block Twitter from giving me word limits
Need an app to mute Joe Buck, but still let me listen to Harold Reynolds.#2015allstargame
I want an app that recreates the old Myspace
I need an app that matches me with people based on my netflix recently watched list
I need to find an app that tells you what channel all the really good shows and movies are on🙌
I need an app that tells me whether or not there are people in the gym/pool (and if they're at the gym, what are they watching on the tv).
I need an app that will recognize actors from commercials and stuff and tell me their names. That makes me the most mad. #appidea #justsayin
Wish there was an app to tell you in real-time where cops are posted doing speed traps
I wish there was an app for the ideal boyfriend. Maybe we wouldn't be going thru this
I wish there was an app that lets you see what a picture would look like on your Instagram
I need an app to lighten my videos help
I need to learn how to make an app. That's where the money's at
I wish there was an app that told you who was looking at your profile at any moment.
You should be able to block people associated with people you block as soon as you block them... Need an app for that
Need an app that just plays peaceful sounds.
I wish there was an app that crossed referenced all social media making it easier to recognize who my crush is dating &amp; has dated.
I need an app that tells me where my keys are😣😣
I need an app that will let me download music..anybody know one?
I need an app to put pictures ya know?¿?
There needs to be an app to have deep late night conversations with
i need an app for music asap
I wish there was an app to sleep.
I need an app for downloadin music help a brother out 🆘🆘🆘🆘
Waking up the morning after drinking &amp; being scared to go through your text messages &amp; call logs.... There needs to be an app for that 😩😔
they need an app that can detect your mood and can create a playlist for you
There needs to be an app that is like twitter except you dont follow anyone its just a huge ass feed so at 2 in the morning you're not bored
Need an app that limits the time of use of other distracting apps per day.
I need an app that unlikes every Facebook page whose content doesn't show up in my feed anymore.
I just want to make an app that someone kills another person because of it.
I need an app to inform me of wats on tv .
I wish there was an app that matched a picture of your choice to a song
There needs to be an app for correcting spelling and grammar on other people's social media posts.
Wish there was an app to get a snap back before the person opens it 😒
I need an app for instant chocolate delivery. Seriously... Why hasn't that happened yet?
😭 don't y'all wish there was an app to tell you if somebody head/sex 🚮❓
I wish there was an app that blocked auto dms from being sent to you
we need an app that warns us when ariana is active faving people
I want an app to share my electronics components inventory with others within a 5-mile radius, to create a community radio shack.
I need an app that stops me from being such a Pisces
I need an app to download music on 😩 none of these work help
There needs to be an app for managing Facebook group chats
I wish there was an app that tracks my charger chord.. Cuz I'm always losing that thing
I wish there was an app that allowed you to delete your number out of other people's phones. 😒
I wish Coffee Meets Bagel was an app that showed you where the nearest coffee and bagels are to your current location
I need an app that alerts me that there's an assignment or something due..
I wish there was an app that could choose your outfits for you
I wish there was an app that could tell you which lane is going to move faster
We need an app that summarizes text.
I wish they had an app for loneliness, like something to randomly generate movies or another lonely person to talk to on your camera
I wish there was an app that can combine your music from spotify, soundcloud, and your local music files.
I wish there was an app that told you how racist the neighborhood was before you bought a house in that area.
I need an app that messages me with "evolution not revolution" on an bi-hourly basis. #Focus
I need to invent an app that invents apps.
I wish there was an app for certain smells.
I'm just saying if anyone wants to go business deal and make an app that makes your eyes look like fetty waps it'd be the best investment
#DoWeNeedBoth fake points and an app to keep track of them
I want an app that tells me when someone has launched a missile at me? Is someone on that yet? #CaptainAmericaWinterSoldier
i need to make an app for it
I wish there was an app that would show you all the illegal things you do in a day
Not sure why anyone would want an app to access their twitter just to tweet statistics of who followed and unfollowed you.
I wish there were an app to see who stalks your Twitter constantly lmao that'd be guts
I need an app for gif!!
I wish there was an app that's like Shazam, but for fonts.
I wish they had an app that tells you how many times someone visits your page 😈
I need an app to scribble stuff out😐
I need an app to tell me where all the garage sales are
I want an app to blur words from a pic, help guys!!
Wish there was an app that lets you know when a ice cream truck is near by lmfaoo
I wish there was an app that could automatically block any social media post containing the word 'minion' because I'm sick of seeing them
Need an app for every diner drive-in's and dives location
in need of an app to read books.. any suggestions?
I wish there was an app to tell you if you forgot to turn your straightener off or not
Need an app to download music??
Need an app for caching songs😪
i wish there was an app for tweetedeck my laptop is so slow
rlly wish there was an app that told girls whether or not they were talking to a fuxkboy
I need an app that can download Kpop songs!!!!
#Leo need an app that sends them a warning text when they are within 50 feet of their ex.
Need an app that gets me motivated to open AdWords.
I need an app that just keeps me informed of celebrity's kids. Age, haircut, relationships to parents. That kind of thing. #maddoxjiepitt
Need an app for my iPhone to watch films n box sets???
Need an app to save music 😐
They need to make an app for that.
wishing there would be an app that can sort my reference pictures.
I'm in need of an app that says "it looks like you're taking a lot of pictures of your dog again, maybe you should go engage with people."
Wish there was an app to find bathrooms like how convenient would that be ?
"I wish there was an app that taught kids more about Morse code " my friends are incredible.
I need to write an app that can detect when I'm Draking and lock my phone from me. It's a serious problem.
I wish there was an app that could make you look tan in your pics.
I wish there was an app that told you who tweets insightful/interesting things and told you who tweets trash
I need an app to mute Rihanna and #bbhmm
Someone needs to make an app to tell me what kind of clothes to wear to new restaurants/bars/clubs. #DressUp or #DressDown
Needs to be an app to meet other musicians
I wish there was an app that added up your next paycheck like every time you worked.
I wish there were an app that lets you call strangers and just cry all night then hang up wla k2enu sar shi
I want an app that tells me what the hell that smell is. It's like: burnt carpet or hair. Prob coming from a nearby restaurant. Eeeeuurrggh.
Need an app that will let me make a collage with 30+ pictures
We need an app for our phones that slaps you every time you try to log in to Facebook.
You know that feeling when you're too lazy to get out of bed to make food so you just lay in bed sad wishing there was an app for that?
They need an app that sends a buff ass guy to help you! Nobody's home and this stuff is so heavy😫
Need an app to convert emo into funny tweets.
Need an app to download music onto my phone
Next up - gf wants an app that can help her with the timings for a sunday dinner
I need an app that locates my lost items
I really need an app that makes decisions for me
I need an app to tell what to eat and what not to eat.
Who wants to make an app for me for free pls👀
Wish there was an app that could remove my eye bags from pictures/my life
Wish there was an app to filter out baseball news or updates off my timeline
I wish there was an app for The Office that randomly generates a season &amp; episode number to help you choose what episode to watch
There needs to be an app that has all the eposides of spongebob on it!
I really need an app that finds my wallet
They need to make up an app for finding a roommate! #NotTinder
I wish there was an app that named the strain of weed
I need an App That continuously reminds me after 5 mints That ''Phone side main rakh k khuch parh lay''😋😂
I want an app that only allows me to open twitter like, 10 times a day. Is there such an app?
I wish they made an app to find our who your racist, gun-nut, nut-job un-followers are. #CharlestonShooting
i wish there was an app that could tell me exactly what zayn is doing, when he does it, where he does it, and who he does it with
I need an app that can delete my number from other people's phones.
Wish there was an app to kick me when the credit card payment date and the library book returning date is past...
We really need an app that alerts people on Twitter who think they're being irreverent that they're actually being assholes.
I wish there was an app that allowed you to listen to your own type of music when customer care has you on hold.
There needs to be an app that tells you what the speed limit is on the road you're on
I wish there was an app that detected subtweets hah
I need an app that won't crash on me
wishing there was an app to keep track of your car keys
i need an app to remind me to drink water damn that's some wild shit technology has come so far what a time to be alive
I wish there was an app for lost headphones. I lose so many, it's not funny.
I wish there was an app that could delete my number from peoples phones.
There needs to be an app that can track the trains..accurately.
The world needs an app for auto filtering spoilers using specific keywords. Especially when it comes to season finales.
I need an app to draw on my photos
Need an app to find the closes plug for which drug then You rate them and write a review but it's the instant fold sesh
I might need an app to do batman...
someone needs to invent an app that shuts off and locks your phone when you say you're going to bed
There needs to be an app that allows you to not text people when you're drunk like to pre set it so you don't
I need an app that tells me what movie to watch because I'm too indecisive
They need an app for when you get drunk af and try to text people... Like it just needs to stop you before you fuck some shit up... Smh.
There needs to be an app that starts your car and put the heaters on in the morning!
Wish there was an app to find adventuresome people.
#Sagittarius need an app that sends them a warning text when they are within 50 feet of their ex.
I want an app to download snapchat videos 💭
I need an app that tells me the weather and what to wear that day
i need an app that turns my phone into a knife
Need an app to get music man 😭
I need an app to check for inactivity.
I need an app that says the people who read your tweets lmao
I need an app that will stamp swastikas on people's foreheads.
Someone needs to make an app to turn my phone into a personal ac unit
Finding hoopers in a city you never been in the worst. They need to make an app to make this easier.... 😒
Once you click send, there's no turning back for a text message. We need an app to cancel wrong texts before the recipient sees them!
I wish there was an app that picked my nail polish color for me
i want an app that untags me from all the "kol 3al w entu b5er" photos on facebook
I wish there was an app that would tell me when the water is boiling
i wish there was an app that would let you put in a photo and it would like scan the colors n find headers to match
i wish there was like an app to remove the captions on snapchats that you've saved
I need an app that can save vids
I need an app that motivates me to use my fitness apps.
Need to get an app for unfollowers😁🌸xxx
I hate when you say stuff like "I miss you" in a text but they don't say it back… We need an app for that called "Give me my feelings back…"
I wish there was an app that shows you who has you blocked
I need to download a trailer some tell me an app that actually lets me download it
I need to figure out a way to make an app for unediting peoples photos! Id be a millionaire
my mom wants an app for "find my tv remote"
We need to be as accessible as uber are! The apps we have require a card being used, we need an app that doesn't require that!
We need an app that lets people sign up, d/load the app &amp; enter their card details so they just order us and we take em, same as uber!
I wish there was an app that told you if a guy likes you or not
I need an app that tells me what's good to eat in my house
they need an app that tells you when McDonald's ice cream machines are broken 😑
I need an app to save musical.ly videos bc zach's got me like shshrhajwbdbfdb
"I wish there was an app that would just spray lotion on you"
I want an app that puts a Windows on my Mac desktop that my iPhone or iPad (or another Mac) can Airplay to. Does that exist?
I need an app that removes pictures of carbs from my social media feed and actual carbs from in front of my face.
#Witcher3 needs an app to read all your literature on the go, no time to read when adventurin's at hand. #buslyf
there needs to be an app that finds a header to match your icon tbh
I wish there was an app to dwnload music to your library on the iPhone w/o dealing w/ iTunes 😒
I wish there was an app to filter out hate speech from social media...
Wish there was an app that mad food for me
I need an app that's like shazam but for other people's outfits
Need an App that flashes their name on your phone the moment they really miss you a lot !!!
I wish somebody would create an app that lets you know if there's a booger in your nose or something stuck in your teeth.
Imagine "Nest" a google product being run and controlled by windows/control4. People aren't going to have or want an app for everything.
Wish there was an app that notifies your iPhone whenever fire music drops 😓 then automatically adds it to your library
Somebody needs to make an app that prevents me from making online purchases after 10pm.
Need an App📱 to help with these problems..strugglin too mch with this 😓
I need an app that reminds me to breathe.
Disney needs an app to track resort hotel busses. 20 minutes and counting. #couldhavestayedinthepark #mytodolist :)
There needs to be an app that reminds you in the morning that you ate beets for supper.
I wish there was an app to find lost things for you #ImAlwaysLosingThings
Someone needs to create an app that provides a Laugh Track for my phone conversations.
I need an app to stop overthinking
I wish there was an app to identify smells
I wish there was an app that allowed me to point my phone at people and see what music they're listening to.
I need an app that automatically blocks white peen Avis for me.
i wish there was an app to see how many people have you muted and blocked
i wish there was an app that told you how long in n out lines are :/
I wish it was an app that show you who screenshot your messages 😂
I wish there was an app that notified you of Twitter meltdowns happening in real-time.
I want an app that you upload a picture of someone and they find a porno with the most resemblance of said picture
Need an app to locate people we have "I'm going up-you're going down" escalator moments with #highburyandislington #around2230 #hollaatme
I wish there was an app that did your hair for you.
Does anyone seriously need an app to split restaurant bills? Now, an app to track whose round it is, that's a different matter
i need an app that you can merge videos and photos together like one after the other, does anyone know an app for iPhone?
I need an app that highlights typefaces and you can find out what they are, like the highlight define function.
I want to make an app that makes me want to actually use my iPad.
i need an app that has a strobe light effect for videos :(
I need an app that tells me exactly what kind of food I'm in the mood for
Need an app that tells me where good places to eat in airports are.
I need an app that tells me where the nearest paleta man is
I need an app to get music on my iPhone... Can yall tell me ?
I wish there was an app to use for when you lose your charger it can locate where it is... Mind blown💥😂
I need an app that restricts me from opening my email every five minutes. It's an addiction.
someone needs to invent an app that creates captions for you
I need an app that assembles all of my ratchet friends. I'd call it Find My Ratchets.
I wish there was an app for a personal heater because I'm always cold .
I wish there was an app for everything .
I want an app that would let me write long ass essays on #snapchat
I wish there was an app that you could put in your lifestyle, activity level, &amp; food likes/dislikes &amp; it would tell you exactly what to eat
I want an app that gives real time updates on who’s winning the nerd vs jock war.
I need an app to make vine edits
I need an app that tells me where the Metairie road train is and how long it's gonna be
I need to create an app for people w sense
I wish there was an app to see what was in your fridge
Taylor: Generation Next carry less in their heads; they can always find it on their phones. If a skill is needed, they want an app for it.
i need an app for keeping track of meals while also giving me a schedule....
I need an app to download albums on iPhones..and please don't tell me spinrilla
Need an app that reminds me to go easy on the exclamation marks!!!
I need an app that tells me where all the construction is because driving through construction gives me so much anxiety...
I need an app that merge's videos
I need to make an app to get my teeth bleached
I wish there was an app to remove the viral sounding titles from articles.
There needs to be an app that rates the condition of public restrooms at gas stations, rest areas, etc.
They need an app for phones where it just let you put Jordan cry face on pictures
There needs to be an app that tells you how long the wait is at in n out
There needs to be an app that tells you how crowded train carts and buses are.
I wish there was an app that could turn you're phone into an air conditioner or give you cold ass water
Someone need to make an app that shows the cheapest swisher and backwoods prices in your area. Call it "iBlunts" or sumn
I need an app that will stop me from tweeting or sending messages when I'm in a bad mood
I wish there was an app that would just find lost items in your room
Someone needs to invent an app that stops people from walking around the gym bathroom without shoes. #nasty #B2C #startup #athletesfoot
someone needs to invent an app for helping you find lost items
#Setting4Success Why a Buddhist Monk Doesn't Need an App to Meditate and Why You Do #News #smallbusiness #entrepreneur
I wish there was an app that could locate the nearest bathroom...
Dragos Bratasanu: Why a Buddhist Monk Doesn't Need an App to Meditate and Why You Do: It's never the extraordinary people who do the...
the need to make an app that creates Instagram captions for you
They need an app to make your phone a remote. 😂😅 #seriouslythou
They need to make an app that can tell you the appropriate amount of gas money that someone should give you when you go scoop
Wish there was an app to see who lurked on my Twitter.
You definitely want to be an app and show you an app to a "pie cone".
"I wish there was an app to show us all the cops locations" "...big what if all the bad guys had it." "..just like on the freeway doe."
he wants me to download an app that I'm not even going to use, what's the point of having an app on your phone you aren't going to use? 😕
I wish there was an app that could show my buyers the chain reaction of frustration that occurs when they rearrange our pre-planned showing😑
I wish there was an app to fix chink eyes...hmm🙇🏽
I need an app that will download music on my phone 😡
I wish there was an app that let you call your mom at 1am but it would alert her that it was not an emergency
i need an app that turns facetime off after 3 jack and cokes
I wish there was an app that worked as an alarm to wake me up when golf was happening
Why a Buddhist Monk Doesn't Need an App to Meditate and Why You Do - Huffington Post
Need an app that lets me understand what my hunger is all about
I need an app that will allow me to download mixtapes. Not sure if datpiff is the one.
I need an app that automatically replies 'Khair Mubarak' to every text message. My inbox is flooded. Is there any?
Nigel wants me to create an app that tracks Eddie Stobart lorries and it can be like stobart spotters. 😂
I need an app to remotely turn the electric blanket on.
Wish there was an app to share / send battery
I need an app to make a collage of about 10 pics
Wish there was an app that could un-blur a photo
They need to make an app that tells you where the best climbing trees in your area are...🌲🌴🌳#copyright
There needs to be an app that like alerts you when the Madisonville bridge is open.
They need to make an app that has all the old Disney Channel games like with Kim Possible, Zach and Cody, Lilo and Stitch, like itd be great
I need an app to stop me from doing stupid things. Like a second brain or something😔
I wish they had an app that un-blurs pictures.
There needs to be an app to block texting when you're 10 vodka shots deep... Just an idea
There needs to be an app to help you find friends.. like based on similar interests... someone make this
I need to make an app for girls and their purses
I need an app to crop a video with
I wish there was an app that told you if Runyon was packed full of people or not
I wish they had an app to see who was lurking on your page
Someone needs to invent an app for people with depression where someone comes over until you're back on your feet
They need an app that watches films with you and let's you know when you've missed important plot points.
#stoprush needs an app to tell them which socks to use today.
I wish there was an app that found my shoes for me
I wish there was an app that can locate your car keys 😏
I wish there was an app for an A/C
I seriously need an app to monitor my sleep ugh
i need an app to get music free without needing internet to listen to the music, help!!
I need an app to download music Somebody help me
I wish there was an app that was all about the Cubs, like live game stats of all the minor league teams and The Cubs. Is there one anybody?
In need an app that my mom just told me that you are the most important person in the world and they can do whatever they want?
I wish there was an app to tone ur stomach
There needs to be an app for bored people who can meet up and do something fun😂
I wish there was an app that cut off all the fat off of your body and showed you what was hiding underneath. Lmao
someone needs to make an app that removes snapchat captions tbh
I wish there was an app to see who looks at your Twitter or Instagram 😂
there needs to be an app that un-squints your eyes in pictures :-/
I wish there was an app that would tell you if there were dudes in your area wearing boat shoes/sperrys (so you could avoid them)
I wish there was an app that blocked all tweets from One Direction fans.
I need an app that doesn't need wifi to play music !!!
I wish there was an app to play the original Pokemon for gameboy with Ash &amp; the gang. #nostalgia
You know a new phone is def needed when an app that should download in a second is taking far longer than that. 😓
Looking at the brilliant pairing of venus and the crescent moon and wishing there was an app to take Astronomical photos.
Reason why people illegally download music: itunes' shop, amazon's need for you to download an app to download an album, etc etc.
they need to invent an app that allows you to take pictures of each piece of clothing item you have &amp; put things together to make an outfit.
Just wish there was an app to tell you if a song you wrote in the wee hours of the evening sucked or not.
I need an app that merges vids together
#friendinneed is an app that can be used offline providing info about services for people in need or crisis #startupadl
I need an app that tells me how many times I've listened to a song
i really need an app for asianfanfics
I need an app that can link my Facebook fan page to my Twitter feed
Need an App to tell me whats going on near me today..
I want an app that let's you scan all your groceries and then finds recipes for you and them auto updates when you choose a recipe.
I need an app that says Rowbrina
I wish there was an app that packed for me.
There needs to be an app to identify movies
I need to go fill out an app for these apartments too .
I wish there was an app that helped me grow a beard
I want an app that will tell you what kind of cat every cat is like by pictures and stuff
There needs to be an app that rates public bathrooms on cleanliness
I wish there was an app that sent a notification to you every time you name is mentioned somewhere
I need an app that removes all Caitlyn Jenner news from my social media. We should be more worried about how we're destroying earth
I'm gonna need someone to make an app that turns my phone into a fan.
I need an app to follow where all possible Yankees players are day to day..way too many roster moves to track... #LetsGoYankees
Need to download an app that translates Spanish to English.. Time to learn Spanish!!!!!
There needs to be an app that tells you all the gas prices in your area and which ones the cheapest
I wish there was an app that told you when Harry was online
I wish there was an app for dm's
I wish there was an app that told you how many times youve been on an airplane.
Need an app to tell me who has muted me on Twitter.
I need to invent an app that scans your face and projects perfectly winged eyeliner onto your face so you could just trace them on 😂😂
I need an app that can add music to a video but not directly from itunes.
I wish there was an app that could locate my keys. 😓
Need an app that compares local gas prices
I need an app that sifts through all incoming notifications from all apps and devices, and eliminates all duplicates.
Is there any need for an app to record and catalog bowl movements? Something tells me there may be a need for this?
I wish they had an app that automatically cleans your room
I need an app that tells me how long the wait is at in n out.
I need an app that wipes my phone the minute I'm dead. Cause these 😈 pics don't erase themselves !
There needs to be an app that shows all the viruses/sicknesses going around in your area and how to treat them
I wish there was an app that doesn't let me play any Adele when I'm sad
there needs to be an app to make me less ugly
need an app that you can say what you wanna watch and it tells you what sky channel is showing it right now
There needs to be an app for people near you tryna smoke lmao just call it winder
They need an app to send messages in your sleep.
I need an app that helps me locate my tv remote...
I wish there was an app that told me when someone stalks my social media
There needs to be an app that tells you where the nearest food truck is.
I either want an app that allows me to rob the Bank of England or Irene Adler. Either works.
Really wish they made an app that would exercise for me 😩
My 12-yr-old son just donated his iPod Touch to Lake Powell. I've never seen him so sad. Someone needs to make an app for that.
I need more local girlfriends. Someone seriously needs to make an app for finding intelligent friends...
I need an app that will help me find my retainers
Need an app that let's me have sex while I'm sleep
I need an app that will entertain the shrimp out of me!! Someone help
I need an app to delete duplicate songs from my playlist cuz I'm too lazy to perform such task myself..
I want to make an app that has full of 💩 and funny animations.
I need an app that drops out the latest music 👀
i wish there were an app that you could give it a picture and it'd give you the perfect twitter header
i need an app that tells me when the hell comics are coming out
I need an app for my music
They need to make an app for grocery stores running sales.
Metro need an app for smart trips
Someone needs to invent an App that removes hunger.
I need an app that sends a notification to my phone every time you're thinking about me. Interesting right? 🙊
Someone needs to invent an App that can find my motivation.
They need an app for finding Parking spots
Wish there was an app to show you who views your page everyday
There needs to be an app that tells me the route with the most shade on campus
I need an app that knows I'm having a scary dream and wakes me up 😖
Need an app that helps shoot properties in the rain and whilst being eaten by midge.
Unsend a text. There really needs to be an app for that.
Need to update phone to check an app to do something for the channel. Why isn't anything simple anymore?
I wish there was an app for picking what to watch on netflix #decisions
There needs to be an app that allows you to input an actors name and you then get notifications when they finish films.
want an app that changes every mention of "liberal arts" to "dark arts"
Man if ya want an app that's straight reckless download Yeti sheesh
Someone needs to develop an app that lets walking texters know they are about to run into someone and they need to look the "F" up...
I wish there was an option to test an update for an app to see if you like it or not 😒
I want an app that would take my availability and figure out how to see two specific movies in that time period including travel time.
They need an app that tells you where the closest Starbucks to you is at all times.
I want an app that can make you into a minion. Now that's something.
We need an app to die if every news source wasn't like, step back and make sure it's not as a separate branch.
I wish there was an app that could translate what the lady doing my pedicure is saying
I need an app that deletes minions from my life plz
I wish they had an app that would tell me who's on my page
Need someone to develop an app that nukes Bon Iver from all streaming music services.
I want an app that automates my distractions.
i wish they had an app that measured burps
I need an app that deletes my tweets within five minutes of me posting them
Need an app to find car keys.
Waffle House needs an app to order...#random
i need to find an app that can limit the amount of times i'm aloud to press on the twitter app
I need an app to sell my old emo band shirts bc they're too important to throw out but too embarrassing to put on vinted
I wish an actual genius would make an app that searches audio recordings for key words. Currently trapped in revisiting phd meeting hell.
I want an app that alerts me the second the temperature and dew point drop to a point where it's safe to open the windows again.
was just informed there is a dating app whose main selling point is the woman initiates conversation. do we really need an app for that??
Need an app for music on iPhone...
I wish there was an app to mute certain people, like every time they speak you can't hear them
Need an app that can save me from food stamps and unemployment.
there needs to be an app that you can humm a song that you don't know the name too and it will show the name
I wish there was an app that hid all Arby's ads. Since they've been bragging about being antivegetarian, no one in my family will eat there.
There needs to be an app for finding potential friends who like wine as much as you do.🍷
Need an app that controls all the taps, lights etc
i hella wish there was an app that told you who people are subtweeting
I need an app that can download songs to iPhone for free ?
I need an app that scans a label or barcode from a wine bottle on a supermarket shelf and it gives me concise info on quality. ideas anyone?
I feel like so much advertising undermines humanity's ability to control themselves. We don't always need an app for that!
Someone needs to build an app that cross references your trips to local national holidays. Not fun to find out once you're already there.
I want an app to do one-time sync of selected data: Keep, Calendar and Contacts. Is it possible to do in #android?
I wish there was an app that let you time text messages - just right the message, set the time it needs to be sent and forget!
Wish there was an app that told me the exact lipstick the girl across from me on the train is wearing because it's perfect.
Someone needs to create an app that removes all Donald Trump related articles from my news feed.
Wish there was an app to turn the Keurig on from my bed ☕️
I need an app that texts me when my favorite bands are coming in town
They need an app to watermark snaps
I wish there was an app for so I'd tag you with "Only Me" privacy settings :P
Wished there was an app to check your metrocard expiration date.
I wish there was an app that blocked all mention of #minions #hateminions
I want an app that tells me which of my friends are still in bed and waiting for someone to text them for lunch plans just like me.
wish there was an app to prevent you from opening a new tab before finishing the tab you're on
I wish there was an app that tells you how much money you've made so far from work instead of anticipating for pay day :/
Someone needs to develop an app that's a cross between snapchat and yik yak. Who can help me develop an app so we can cash this in 😎💸🔊
I need an app that deletes all tweets does someone know one???
They need an app that lets you take a picture of the tv and tells you who the actor is
there needs to be an app that tells you when ur fav is doing a follow spree
"we need an app that will sound when you are more than 30 steps away from your phone so you know you left it at the office!" 😂 good one boss
I need an app to download music to my phone
I wish there was an app for getting rid of spiders...
"We need an app that controls boys." -my 8 year old cousin
Someone needs to invent an app for Twitter that changes every tweet mentioning Trump to a cat gif.
I want an app that changes "white feminism" into "I hate white women," because guess what that phrase really means.
I want to invent an app that helps us prove that "there are 7 people in the world who look identical to you" theory.
There seriously needs to be an app to find stuff in Walmart..... Shopping here is too stressful
I'm going to Taiwan. Want an app for friends recos on things to do. What's the best tool/app for me?
need an app that tells me closest place to buy fresh corn
Need to find an app that collaborates videos 😒
Someone needs to invent an app that allows me to enter in all of my crazy ideas and they tell me yes or no #getonit #ineedthis #now
There needs to be an app that has gifs from soaps bahaha
I really need an app that has notifications that work
I wish there was an app that actually blocked you from texting exes when you're intoxicated. It'd probably save me a lot of trouble. 😑
I wish there was an app that could show you all retweets directed towards you
I need an app that blocks my access to Amazon during certain times of the morning and night.
I wish there was an app to block all engagement/wedding posts.
I want to invent an app that allows you to block certain topics from coming up on my newsfeed. For starters anything Meek Mill related
I really need an app that'll let me download free music 😒😒
Remember when you needed an app to use the flashlight
I want an app to see how many mutuals are online so ik who sees my tweets
i wish there was an app that could share touches &amp; textures, instead of pictures.
We need an app that puts random words into more meaningful words that will explain how we exactly feel.
i need someone to invent an app that logs the amount of fic you read by word count and compiles it into like graphs..like last fm for fanfic
In need of an app to download music from. Any suggestions?
Wish there was an app that tells you where the postman is so you don't have to stay in all day waiting for a delivery 😊😊😊😊😊
*massive cluelessness ahead* so you really need to get an app to look at Instagram? it's not just a feed of pictures you can see on the web?
I need an app to download music without needing internet help asap 󾠚󾠚󾠚󾠚󾌹󾌹󾌹
I need an app that has all the latest albums on it
I need an app to notify me when twitter is lit.
I need an app that allows me to check on the upload/export/render process on my desktop from my phone.
i need an app that transforms tiredness to money
Need an app for locating bugs in my flat. Asking for a friend.
I need an app for real-time Taylor Swift "friend or not" updates, like a stock market ticker. Karlie Kloss? Nicki Minaj?
i need an app to download videos from youtube and another one to edit videos in general help please ty
#wish An app that allows you to "search google for that image" as a click/zoom endless scrolling game. Does that exist?
I need an app to sync all of my online calendars frfr
I wish there was an app to help you find the nearest dealer
In need an app for it.
i wish they had an app that made you sound like soldier boy but auto tuned
I want an app for my computer called computer #whyyounotwork
I lose my glasses once a week..I wish there was an app for that.
I wish there was an app that you could pull up any picture ever taken of you
I wish there was an app that would tell you what color lipstick someone was wearing
We need an app that is able to convert the number of tweets to money fam... This cant be life
I need an app that can go see if I've added everyone I'm following to a list, and tell me which ones are not yet in a list.
I wish there was an app that could tell you what picture looks best
Someone needs to create an app that tells you where all those black market fruit carts are in the city
I need to find an app that can turn me into Megan Fox, or Amy Adams... Do they make one yet?
i wish there was an app that shows who doesn't follow you on tumblr
I need an app for locating music that my soul needs to hear without me even asking.
I need an app for when someone says something dumb, it will push them into an irrigation ditch.
Writer used 'exasperated' instead of 'exacerbated' in a story.I need an app that lets me use a sharpie on psuedo-professional online content
I need an app to download music on what's a good one ?
They need to make an app for that
Wish they had an app...to help you remember names:)
We need an app that provides free wifi. That be dope 💸😎💪🏻
I need an app that tells me what decisions to make
Ruby wants an app that tells you if you are hungry or not 😑 💆🏽
Need to create an app that collects and delivers old hoodies from past lovers.
I want an app that lets people track me on my road trip.
I wish a had an app for reading girls minds...
Wish there was an App to get rid of all my spam with one click.
I wish there was an app to point and see how germy people's hands are.
I wish there was an app that redials a number 'til it's no longer busy then notifies me or calls then tells me when i'm no longer on hold.
I'm done with people wanting an app for every single thing. What do you do with all that free time?
They need an app for making friends not finding a partner 😏
I need an app that works like itunes, that isn't itunes, for my iphone &amp; ipad..
Someone needs to make an app that will prevent you from texting people when you are sad or mad at them.
I really need to know an app that lets me show to fill format in videos on vine
I wish there was an app that puts Lupe's open letters into bulleted points.
I need an app to download music
I really wish there was an app that tells me who tweet watches me. 👀
They need to make an app that will un filter a girls picture so you can see what she really looks like.
I wish there was an app that showed you people's picture's before they edited them
I need an app to download videos, help 😕
I wish there was an app to call for a paletero.
I need an app for music that doesn't use data
I want to make an app that help smokers find products tho it be the weed man or dispensary
i wish there was an app that would pack a bag for vacation for you
I wish there was an app that told you all the different usernames you've had over time
I need an app that lets me know how many people have me blocked
I need an app to get back my snaps 😫😫
They need to make an app for my mom to explain things
"I want an app that makes lasers come out of my eyes"
I wish there was an app to close my door after my pets open them. Oh yeah, there is. It's called my brother. 😂📱
Tmz needs to make an app for real
Still need to make an app. to take my driving test to hopefully pass and get a parking permit ughhhh
I need to invent an app that unfollows all females under the age of 18.
Someone needs to do an app to simplify the #Vienna public transport system. Ruddy impossible to work out what goes where
I need an app that lets you mute words
I need an app to tell me what boys are thinking and what they want #yourekillinme
I wish there were an app that could tell you "you're going to have to wait 20 mins to get on a subway. You can snooze one more time"
It is possible to put too much in an app. Also good luck convincing people they need an app for something they can do without one
We need an app to recognize people who doesn't have sense of humour.
I need an app that sends you release dates for movies &amp; new episodes on Netflix
They need an app that shows the closest connects near you
Need an app to let me tweet but not see other’s tweets or interact in any other way with Twitter or acknowledge Twitter’s existence. #help
that bawe really want me to do an app for checkers 😂 just cause he work thea.
I need an app that can show my facial expression through texts or something. 😂
I need an app that makes me wait to post on #reddit The hassle of the replies from idiots just isn't worth getting my idea out there.
Need an app to locate chicken spots.
I need an app that removes Drake from my internet life. #drakedetox
I need an app that contoniously remind me after every 5 mints "Phone side me rakh k parh le begairat"😂👋
I need an app to tell me what to eat for lunch.
"I wish there was an app that automatically skipped all the singing." -Kelly when watching Glee.
There needs to be an app to find the nearest raspa lady
I need an app to upload photos and videos from my camera roll to snapchat !
I need someone to invent an app that takes hunger away instantly
I need an app that is like shazam except it works for voices cause the predicament I'm in now, boy let me tell you
The world needs an app that lets you know about every celebrity's birthday. Chop chop, let's do this.
Someone needs to invent an app that turns my phone into a fan. #theresnotanappforthat
What we really need is an app to airbrush away all the cracks in girls hearts
Still needing an app that shows you who all has you blocked.
I wish their was an app for free music on iPhone
I wish it was an app that could tell you who got you on mute 😒😂
I wish there was an app that made it easy for me to follow the presidential election. Like have all the candidates and their stance on issue
They need an app that automatically downloads all the top new songs that you would listen to
I wish sleep was like an App that you can activate and deactivate at will
I wish they had an app that would scan a rock or crystal n tell you what it was...like shazam but not for songs🌚
Wish there was an app for finding things 😅
I need an app that reminds me which podcast is released that day.
Also want an app that will continuously call someone till they answer.
Also want an app that tells me where my debit card and keys are.
I just want an app that listens to a song and tells me what movie it's from.
I wish there was an app to turn emojis into real life for when I'm hungry but lazy 🍪🍔🍕🍤🍝🍍
I wish iPhones had a slide-to-type feature w/o needing an app for it
Someone needs to build an app to simplify comparing materials based on a selected trait, that would make my life much easier.
I wish there was an app for Steven Wright to read my Twitter feed.
Typed like a 100 pages this week. Need an app that congratulates me for stuff like that.
Want an app that can edit my feelings
lexx said she wish she had an app to just Zapp a dude to her liking 😁😂😂😂
I wish there was an app that can locate the healthiest choice of food around you 😒
I need an app to clean up my apps
Wish there was an app that could block out all comments saying "goals"
I wish there was an app that, just like Waze, would tell you how bad rainfall would be up ahead.
I need an app that helps me find my glasses in the morning.
There needs to be an app for that!
i srsly need an app for captions on my ig posts
Soundcloud need an app for blackberry users
Someone needs to make an app for Nigerian languages.
Need a phone that has a mini fan installed into it and an app to control it
I need an app for music but they all suck ass
I need to make an app for people that want to match
need an app to count Trump's words ... China, Mexico, illegal immigrants, banks, my money, killed, killing, resorts, golf course
I wish credit karma had an app for ios. it would make it easier to keep an eye on things. Ah well
I want to draw blood all you need is an app that can update an iPod?
somebody needs to make an app to put the weeknd's hair on dudes and then I'll be content
I want an app that shows me all my previous layouts
I need an app that keeps track of the usage of apps/phone by loved ones.
I need an app that deletes the phrases, "At the end of the day," and "The fact of the matter is…" from political speeches and debates.
cant even take korean notes rn bc this site wants me to download an app for it
We need an app that remembers all the public wifi terms &amp; conditions that you've already accepted and auto-accepts them for you.
I wish iPhones had an app to block private calls...
Someone needs to make an app that's like Uber but for when short people need a tall person.
Need for an app that gives you a map of all the best restaurants and coffee shops that you must go to in a new city that you’re visiting.
I need an app that switch my face in every photo for a Pepe face
Need an app that blocks liberal drool in mass on Twitter. Sick of wading through socialist dribble
I wish there was an app that told you where the nearest taco truck is located
I need an app to tell me when celebrities are in San Diego and where they are
I want an app that turns the iPhone screen into a maze of blinking controls, buttons and moving graphs
There needs to be an app that tells you when stores have a free shipping promo or something
If I'm not gonna see any sun this summer I'm going to need an app that makes me tan in pictures
There needs to be an app to download into yourself that helps find friends. An talk to them like a normal person
There needs to be an app to block you from tweeting when you in the feels
There needs to be an app that takes back the text messages you send at two in the morning.
Someone needs to make an app that can take all my like from soundcloud and put them on my phone cuz iTunes bugging with these prices
I need like money to buy a new hd camera and buy an app that can make my youtube vids more interesting
I need an App that hides the words "leadership" "election" and "Jeremy Corbyn" from all of my social media feeds.
I wish there was an app that could tell me to get off my ass and stop being a lazy artist.
I need an app that puts money in my account every day
I need an app for music that works without wifi :((((
I need an app that tracks my parents phone...💁🏽
ok someone needs to devolop an app that can let visually impaired people know what weather raidar looks like on the screen.
I wish there was an app to read ebooks and have word search feature. #overdrive #ebook #iannotate #LibrarianProblems
Need an app that would automatically mute and remove 'praise' retweets by Indian journos and writers from my Twitter feed.
I wish there was an app that could understand my beatboxing and locate the track I'm tryna sound out.
I wish there was an app that would tell you what tweet it was that annoyed a person enough to unfollow you. That'd be interesting.
Someone needs to make an app that takes a photo of fabric &amp; tells you the best matching Gutermann thread number. ✂️ #sewing #sewcialists
They need to make an app that names restaurants for females like me who never know what they want to eat 😐
The Elote man needs an app that tracks where they're at so it'll be easier to find them haha
They need an app that makes you not ugly.
I want an app that matches layouts cause I'm so crap at matching 😂😂
I need an app that has the sole purpose of notifying me when there is a Harry Potter weekend
wish they had an app for people who want to make friends on the plane.. like let's chat it up #notforfourhoursthough
I need an app to sort my grocery list by the aisle where they are stocked in the store of my choice.
&lt;---wishes there was an app for that except pornhub.
Walmart needs an app that tells you where things are in the store.
There needs to be an app that unfollows people that post more than 2 Instagram pictures in a row and 5 in one day.
I need an app that's a cross between Fandango and GoogleMaps to tell me when to leave home to collect my teen after a movie. Any takers?
Saw Taco Bell featured their app to order food at the end of one of their commercials...why would you need an app to order? Just go there
I really need an app for free music on the iPhone bc I'm real tired of buying my music
Who the hell needs an app for Taco Bell? The sign says to beat the line by using the app. I'm pretty sure Taco Bell was the last resort.
i just want Julie Andrews to read me bedtimes stories every night can someone create an app for that?
We need an app that fast forwards rap songs past the trash verses and to the good verses.
there needs to be an app to increase battery life
They need to make d2l an app. That would make my life easier
Facebook needs an app to categorize friends as either "worth stalking" or "you are just looking for things to judge this person for".
We need an app for people to drop a pin where they are if they feel unsafe or targeted by police &amp; nearby people can come be witnesses
I need an app for music on my phone.. What's a good one?
I wish there was an app for finding my charger
Someone needs to create an App that will make people look 5 years older ☹
I wish there was an app that just told you the cheapest flights on a specific day #budgettravel
Just heard 3 gunshots. Happens almost every night. Wish there were an app to show me location.
i need an app that decodes messages with horrible syntax
Wish there was an app for gettin ya spirits up
They need to make an app that lets you see whos blocked you
Need an app that blocks people's posts on twitter/fb/g+ whatever if their picture is still superimposed with rainbow pride.
I need an app for video editing with sound could someone recommend one
There needs to be an app that chooses a random episode off of the office because the hardest part of my day is always deciding on one
they need to make an app for finding weed when you travel.
I need an app that tells me what's in my freezer and how to combine said things into a meal which is both healthy and easy to make.
Still needa go put in an app for more apartments
Someone needs to make flappy Aleks an app for my phone
I need an app that tells me how many glasses of wine I've earned in a day.
They need an app to find wallets
I need an app to order chicken feed and bales of hay for delivery. Amazon Farm, please.
I need an app to organize all of my organization apps.
I need an app that lets me read an article and then gives me a task to do with them.
Someone needs to create an app that lets people know which Chipotle locations aren't stingy af with meat servings
I need an app that automatically unfollows people when they unfollow me
I need an app to add grainy filters to pictures to make them look low quality
I srsly need an app that will allow me to instantly download a full plate of grilled chicken over rice with white sauce on top
I wish there was an app to automatically find and block everyone you know in real life
everything needs an app for that.
I need an app for watching series and movies online, any suggestions?!
I need an app that turns the Simpsons on in the background at 6pm everyday.
I need an app to stream hot97 ? Someone...
I just really need an app that gives me the ability to restrict people's ability to text me. Not all the time. Certain hours.
I wish my phone had an app that turned the phone into a small, handheld fan. #TooToasty #NeedCooling
Someone needs to invent an app that finds music you heard on the radio but can't remember any lyrics to, or the name of the artist or song.
I need an app that has a feature to change the lighting on a picture
wish there was an app to find my car keys!!!!!!!
Mobile Justice needs to make an app for New Jersey.
We need an app that makes a smartphone dumb. The world isn't getting worse, we're just seeing it all now. #saturation #overkill #repeat
I wish there was an app to see how crowded the gym was b4 you go
Someone needs to make an app that determines if compliments are genuine or not
There needs to be an app that lets me know how packed my gym is
I need an app to get music on my phone
Wish there was an app that would generate texts responses from levels of safe to very provocative. Imagine how revolutionary that would be.
I need an app that delivers me slurpees and/or pizza on-demand.
I wish there was an app that told you what you felt like when you're hungry. I'd use it.
I want an app that shows what people typed before autocorrect helped them out.
With all due respect; do one really needs an app to calculate the increase in petrol prices ?!
Need an app that scans the contents of food... #Gross
at the dr.'s office &amp; this lady is talking about needing to get an app that lets her monitor everything her kids do on their phones... 😳😳
We really need an app for fathers to track their children ages when they them to hospital
I need an app that sends me notifications whenever an album by one of my faves gets leaked
i need an app that will cool down my food
I wish there was an app to take back text messages.
I just need to create an app that will make me rich.
I wish it was possible to unfollow someone on Instagram without then using an app to find out who unfollows them 😒
Need an app that deletes people you follow who haven't tweeted in a while
Now that I'm worked up about it we need an app that will give consumers the economic/political background of products for sale.
Then again what we really need is an app to make people care. Greed, self-centeredness, and apathy are rampant spiritual diseases in humans
I need to get an app that shows quotes in my my mentions
That moment when a 7 year old says there needs to be an app to turn the water hose on so you don't have to walk and do it yourself..
I wish there was an app to tell me which bodega sold pork products.
I wish there was an app that can tell you the drive-thru wait times for Amy's. #amysdrivethrustruggles #basic #allanoutthatsaladtho
I want an app that automatically tweets how much like Jesus I've been on any given day. Today was like 12% or something tbh.
Daughter wants to build an app to rate people's dating habits. Find a need, fill a need.
I need an app to delete all my tweets for the last 8 months
I wish famu had an app for the cafe that tells you what they're serving before you walk over there and be disappointed..😂
I want an app that pairs you up with someone who will vote opposite of you so both of you can stay home on election day guilt-free.
Unsend a text there really needs to be an app for that
I need an app that will consolidate Failbook notification icons in my Android phone's status bar, or one that allows me to deprioritize them
Need an app that sucks out fat
There needs to be an app that just changes things like no/know and right/rite for you.
If any more blk women die in police custody, we're going to need an app to keep up #SayHerName #RalkinaJones #SandraBland #BlackLivesMatter
They need an app that'll locate the corn man 🌽. Seriously 😩😂
They need an app that makes it look and sound like you're on the phone with somebody. Get me outta hella jams.
I wish there was an app that, based on a short quiz, would tell you what movie to watch. #thefuture
I wish there was an app that would feed me chips
I wish there was an app that could accurately simulate and show me howd id look blond
I need an app that just keeps up with my life, like a secretary but an app.
There needs to be an app that tells you who has blocked you on twitter
I wish there was an app for telling me what to eat for lunch, just pick for me!!!
the #IoT sensors everywhere some one needs to make an app that scans for sensors... #privacy
I need an app that tells me with &gt;95% certainty whether it would be advantageous to walk to the next bus stop. An app or a chap.
There needs to be an app to called find my wallet.
I wish there was an app that didn't allow me to wake up in my sleep and turn off every single one of my 7 alarms
Somebody needs to make an app for sharing and discussing excerpts from books and links that they are currently reading. #opportunity
I just want an app that lets me jam out offline /:
Need an app that you can watch Sky Go but listen to TuneIn Yorkshire commentary!
I need an app that will allow me to download music
Netflix need to make an app for Macs
I wish there was an app that told you how busy the gym was.
I need an app for music someone help
#IntriguingLifeMysteries why would you need an app to play hashtag games ? Puzzling isn't it.
I wish there was an app for the artistically challenged that could take any image and make it #steampunk.
I wish there was an app to find missing my missing shoes 😒
I want an app that shows, for any business, how crowded it is right now.
I need an app for my phone case?! Wtf
Someone needs to invent an app that identifies what a font is just by a picture, you'll make millions👍
I need an app to organize my scattered mind.
I need an app that plays music even without having internet 😩 #help
They need to make an app for losing a car key
Kind of wish there was an app that let's you lock others apps so that you can't use them until a certain day. For procrastinators like me
I want an app that tells me what fire hydrants are open near me #heatpocalypse
There need to be an app that identifies cakes by picture and tells you exactly what it's called and where to get it. Cos sometimes you.....
Who wants to design an app that counts measures of music at a given tempo? Like a metronome that marks bars? Wouldn't it be useful? Anyone?
I really need an app that plays the best 30 seconds of a song &amp; auto starts the next but allows you to listen to the whole song if you want
I need an app to tell me who just farted.
i have a feeling twitter needs like a 2 week vacation from me, wish there was an app for that
Someone needs to invent an app that lets you match with other people in the Tinder picture. The friends are always better looking...
Someone needs to invent an app that pays you cash for cancelling plans.
Need some ideas for an app that would help in daily life, any ideas appreciated!
they need to make an app for Disney trivia.
i Need like an App that's willing to Text for me ,cause i'm Not about that Life
I want an app that can limit my email to 140 characters.
I wish there was an app that told you how long the line is at In n Out...
Need an App to turn my room light off 😩
I wish there was an app to fix sleep schedules
I wish there was an app to rate customers.
*needs an app that will take my temperature, call a cab, and send a "going home to die quietly" email to all my work contacts*
Search for pattani sundal masala on marina beach !!! :o ... Need an app to lokate these places ;)
Someone needs to make an app for crowdsourcing remote work-friendly cafes. Has it been done?
wish there was an app to find any object you've lost &amp; can't find. 😭
Wish there was an app to tell me if the gym is crowded right now or not
#KidPresidentCampaignPromises You won't need an app to play games. Some "adults" on here don't get that. #PointlessMe
Everything that ok you want or need these days you need an app to do it.😏😂😂
Wish there was an app that could charge my phone 😕😕
I wish there was an app to remove text from Snapchat Photos 😦
There needs to be an app that tells you where that great food smell is coming from when you're out and about on the street. #InvestorsWanted
They need an app that tells you where gas prices are the lowest near you... That'd be real helpful
i wish there was an app that could smell and identify perfumes and colognes
I need an app for my business. Who can make one?
i need to upload quality edits on vine without having to buy an app that allows me to do so but that seems impossible
I need an app that's like Shazam but for other people's outfits
I need an app that types assignments,formats and proof reads
I need an app for my mobile devices which keeps track of racism scandals inflamed by right-wing press idiocy. Hard to keep tabs.
I'm putting off getting in the car to drive to work after that incident. Wish there was an app to report when the roads r clear of idiots ;)
Like there needs to be an app that shows you what snapchats you sent the night before and to who because this is just nerve wracking
Tidal needs an app for Mac
Need an app that takes the bus routes from two people's current locations, and finds a bar/restaurant that they can both get to w/o transfer
I wish they made an app that notifies you whenever Zayn follows someone 😩
Love how people still attach yellow sticky notes to phone case for reminders. Someone need to write an app for that.
Wtf Kevin hart is in Chicago? Smh we need an app for stand up shows
Someone needs to create an app to track down the elote man
i wish there was an app that tweet instantaneously just by thinking .
Need an app to download music asap
I need an App to notify me each time Safaricom deducts anything from my phone.
I need an App that continues Reminds me after Every 5 mints That Phone Side main rakh ke Kuch Pher le Begairt
Really wish there was an app to make you fall asleep faster.
someone needs to make an app that sends out alarms whenever something important happens with the boys.. bc then I'd sleep more #DragMeDown
I wish there was an app that showed what snapchats you sent the night before 😁
need an app that points you in the direction of a hooting owl
I wish there was an app that notified you whenever you get subtweeted
There needs to be an app that tells you if you should call out or not.
I need an app that works for twitter as well as tweetdeck works on my computer.
I wish there was an app that would send me a picture of what's in my refrigerator without me having to get up. #lazy
I wish there was an app that tells you who visits yo page and lurks. Bet the same people who claim they're unbothered, be the main ones. 😐😂😂
I need an app that blocks multiple accounts at the same time
Wish there was an app to free people from mental slavery. 😔
I need an App that continuously reminds me after every 5 mins that: *Phone side mai rkh k kuch prh lay beghairat ! * 😂😭😂
I wish someone would make an app for drying the #rottmop. ;-)
there needs to be an app for finding reading spots in different weather conditions and that either require a purchase or don't.
Just need an app that shuffles my music properly 😢😔😖
I want to make an app that will limit people's social media posts, when they are abroad.
So the airport wants you to download an app so you have wifi, but you need wifi to download an app. That makes no sense
I need an app to temporary root my phone, any suggestions?
Need an app for music
Need an app to stop me from texting people :')
I wish there was an app to let local ice cream trucks know that we are here &amp; really to buy some 🍦💭
I don't see why you need an app for this - when there is already Skype and Facetime. Not getting it. #noteverythingneedsanapp #SharkTank.
I need an app to turn every light green when I'm late.
Need an app that caches music pls
Anybody want an app to Charlotte Russe?
I need an App that can block cigarette smoke.
Wish there was an app to find lost car keys bc it's become a daily struggle
I need an app that you gives you friends, a chain to tinder, frinder
i need an app that tells me of michael has read any of my tweets
wish there was an app that told me who people's subtweets are about
I need an app for music for my iPhone!!!!
I just want an app that can hear lyrics and tweet them for me.
We just need an App that creates people, I'm thinking like an alien now aren't I. Sh#t
We need an app that's like non-creepy platonic Tinder but for people who've recently moved to a new city &amp; don't know where to find friends.
I wish there was an app to find the adult equivalent of children's clothing...my 4yo has such cool clothing
i really want an app that would calculate how far ive travelled by train/car/bus/plane in the past 2 weeks
I wish there was an app that drained you energy so you can go to sleep before 5am😒#
I need an app that downloads apps for me because seriously going to the play store typing in an app's name is just too much of a commitment.
Wish there was an app to unfollow spammers
There needs to be an app for all the old Disney channel programmes
I wish there was an app that can estimate the nailability of women.....
okay: my dad rented a car and we tried to listen to an episode of npr and the car was like "you need an app to do this!!!" what app? entune
there needs to be an app that can perfectly add flash to a picture that flash was not used on
I need to find an app to download music
They need an app that finds car keys
I want an app that can change any tv playing Fox News to an episode of Martin. #damngina #martin
There needs to be an app that can tell you how many people are at the gym and what weights and machines are open.
I walked halfway across Toronto looking for a hotdog. There needs to be an app for this kind of thing; a #streetmeat finder. #appidea ?
I need an app to find single female friends to just hang out with n chat. All my married mom friends either bring their pati or their kids!
I need an app that sends me a notification about upcoming fairs and festivals in my area. With an option for restricting distance.
I need someone to invent an app that alerts me when I'm talking to a Nobel Prize winner.
I wish there was an app to conjure you up.
I need an app to just update me on everything Charlie Hunnam does.
I need an app to track my mom! 🌚
With Iran opening up, there is a serious need of an app that converts world clocks to Persian Standard Time.
I wish there was an app to tell me how many times I've listened to drag me down in the past two days 🌚
i need someone to invent an app that quickly and accurately compares what's in my nook library to what's in my kindle library.
I need an app that can tell what happens in the next 5 minutes
There needs to be an app that combines Uber and Tinder. "Tuber" will let you speed date in a random car with strangers.
someone needs to invent an app that tells you how long the waiting time is at different restaurants near you.
Need an app for music.. Helpp pleasee :(
they need to invent an app that tells you whether a girl is a gem or not
There needs to be an app that can help customers split the bill at restaurants
someone needs to invent an app that records hand gestures and happy flailing as an emoji for people who are bad with words
There needs to be an app that lets me take a picture of a dog and then tells me what type of dog it is. Why doesn't this already exit?
i wish there was an app that can tell you when yo girl cheating on you or not ... nvm snapchat is enough
i need an app to remove the recycle bin icon
I want to make an app that shows all the people you are following that aren't following you
need an app that plays a 24/7 unending remix of "Moments in Love"
Need an app that would send a notice to the sender: the recipient has received this forward several times before.
How do you make an app for someone who doesn't want an app?
I want an app that makes me sleep when I'm supposed to.
Apparently these days you need a phone and an app to check in online. The future is here. #oldlady
they need an app to show whom crushing on yu ... a close mouth doesn't get fed
I wish there was an app to see how many people have you blocked, so many people have me blocked, people get so mad 😂😂😂😂
I need an app that sends nicki minaj motivational pep talks to me throughout the day
One day there needs to be an app that doesn't allow you to tweet when you're sad
I need an app that blocks me from snapping/interneting while drinking.
Question...does anyone use viber? Heytell or tango? Need an app that's int'l and free? Rie
i wish there was an app that told me where the nearest bong was at
I want to come up with an App for prostitutes,where you can easily get a whore.
I wish there was an app that would Shazam each track in my iTunes library and clean up the metadata. Picard didn’t work that well.
I need an app that'll tell me who thinks I'm cute
I wish there was an app for Marshallese Hymns
need an app that not only blocks all baseball related tweets on my timeline but also prints out paper copies and ceremonially burns them
Need an app that lets me play two YouTube videos at the same time
I need an app that tracks all the series I’ve been starting but never continuing.
i need an app to put YouTube videos on my phone
I need to create an app that just blocks anything related to Donald Trump.
I wish there was an app to turn my phone into a taser
I need an app that lets me know I'm tweeting with a gov sock-puppet. It would make trolling fun again.
I wish there was an app that you could submit a photo you wanted to post on Instagram too and it would caption it for you 😅👍
I want an app that claps for me because I'm am american 🇺🇸
I want an app that every time that someone is farting you hear "That smell" by lynyrd skynyrd, my life would be perfect
There needs to be an app to pinpoint places you wanna go you see on Instagram that alerts you when you're near by👀
There needs to be an app to just block all buzzfeed articles posted anywhere.
I need an app for "Life"
There needs to be an app that just tells you what you want to eat and then orders it for you.
iPhone needs an app that lemme play Pokemon Yellow in its entirety.
I really need a homie that can code an app for the hell of it
There needs to be an app that pees for me
I think we have the technological tools to do it, even if we need to create an app to streamline the operations. It should be a "batsignal."
I wish they had an app to detect perfumes, like if you're out &amp; smell something good &amp; you wanna know. Like Shazam but for smells /:
I need an app that tells me how many times I've tweeted someone
I wish there was an app that could turn my phone into a portable fan 😂😂😓
someone needs to come up with an app that doesnt get boring
I need an app that auto texts people
Someone needs to make an app that allows me to see all the natural hair stylist and their speciality and price range in my area
There needs to be an app that helps you identify a cosplay by taking a picture and searching the Internet for matches or something like that
I wish there was an app that should all the people who have you blocked 😩
I wish there was an app that called randomly to say something nice: "You smell wonderful today!" Why thank you, ComplimentApp! #ideamachine
I need an app that gathers all my morning digital distractions into one place
I need an app that will find all the stuff I've lost and am looking for...
Needs an App to do office work. And homework. Basically all work. I'll manage the eating and drinking.
I need an app that lets me know when a bee crawls under my collar
Someone need to make an app that makes me look interested.
I want an app that will block me from responding to emails if I've had fewer than 6 hours of sleep the night before
wish there was an app that could find my lost things
Someone needs to come up with an app to solve that problem
There needs to be an app for music like tinder! #swiperight
Someone needs 2 create an app that gives U a daily count of death causing objects 2 put the gun control insanity in proper perspective #2A
After 14 years in the corpo rate world, Amit Mishra wanted to go it alone and build an app to gamify stories for toddlers.
I wish there was an app that could tell you who genuinely liked you and who's a waste of time
i wish there was an app for insect repellent.
I need an app that randomly selects my dinner for me. #firstworldproblems
I need an app that will delete the notes in my phone immediately following my death.
Some one needs to create an app that tells me what language people are speaking
I need an app that autounfollows skinny white girls who post thigh pics bruised knees cigarettes #noforgiveness anymore
Someone needs to make an app for the next election that can help with transparency &amp; focuses on key issues with responses from candidates.
Meek need to fill out an app to be a Judge on American Idol 💀
I really need an app for android that let's me upload a picture to my story.
I want an app that inserts "like" and "I don't know" and "if you feel like it" into recipes just to take some of the pressure off.
needs to be an app that can detect std's.
I wish there was an app to send someone a text at a certain time
#IfRealLifeWasTwitter Some people would need an app to survive
I need an app that says "it's midnight, get off Tindr."
i wish there was an app for layouts
i need an app that streams music offline
I wish there was an app that allowed me to delete my number from other people's phones 👿
I need an app to scrape all my social media stuff, pick what's cool, and keep it till I'm ready to read it. Like Feedly, but for everything.
Like when did it become okay for guys/girls to get so lazy they need an app to introduce themselves to someone attractive
Someone needs to create an app that disables the snooze button... 😔
I just wish they had an app for it..
Dear Taxis, if you want to beat uber you need to build an app that works like theirs.
Wish there was an app to find local weed dealers. 😓
There's needs to be an app that mutes anything related to the Jenners and Kardashians. It needs to stop.
I need an app that tells me what to make for dinner every day.
#TodayImGratefulFor not needing an app to find and play hashtag games.
I need an app that shuts my phone off at 11:00
I wish there was an app that took my temperature straight from my phone.
I need an app that blocks spam/bot accounts because manually blocking them gets annoying
Just want an app to function like it's advertised to function, is all. But nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo, that's too much to ask.
I really need an app to automatically pick the best #edfringe shows, allowing walk/eat/drink time and makes for an amazing few days. Help!?!
I need to make an app to the doctor because something ain't right.
I want an app that will let me upload a picture of some weed and it will tell me "is it dank?" :P
They need to create an app that slap people
we need an app to gamify struggle
All these ways to know and warn people about cops on the road. Funny. The real fear is old drivers. We need an app that warns of #OldDrivers
Someone smarter than me needs to develop an app that blocks all #DeflateGate updates on all of my devices
There needs to be an app that allows me to tune in to other peoples' headphones on the subway
I wish there was an app that made clips of videos into ringtones.
I need an app that tells me what I'm hungry for.
Hurts Donuts needs an app that tells you how long the line is
I wish there was an app that could tell you if people were checking you out or making fun of you when they keep staring
I need an app that listens to someone's accent and tells me where they're from
Wish there was an app to repel mosquitos. That'll bring in the some serious mula
I need an app to slow down videos....... .....or slow it down then render it like that next weekend
I need an app that translate voice notes for me
#IfThereWereTwoMes neither of us would need an app to find and play hashtag games.
They need to make an app that will make me more attractive. 🌚
I wish there was an app to find the closest dealer to you.. Like tinder, but for weed. #afriendwithweedisbetter #420
wish there was an app that let me know if there was food in my fridge
I need an app to turn my lamp off.....
Built-in emojis 😍 no need to install an app for emojis. Haha orayt ✌
I need an app that tells dope bedtime stories #stillakid #want #judgeme
I need an app to remind me continously of my to-do list.
I need an app that holds a lot of music
I wish there was an app that told you when someone was nearby that wanted to have sex Oh wait
Steaming content service providers like Stan &amp; Presto really need an app for PlayStation 3 &amp; 4 like Netflix &amp; Quikflix do. #ps4 #apps
I need an app that makes school shopping easy
I want to create an app that blocks All trending topics from Twitter &amp; Facebook. The earth only knows how much it takes away us from living👓
Met an 8 year old kid today that wants to develop an app that allows you to summon a drone to deliver stuff. Wow!...8 years old.
I need an app that tells me what's in my mothers fridge...I need bacon and the store ain't an option
I need an app that will keep me away from social media when drinking.
So damn true. LeosWeAre: #Leo need an app that sends them a warning text when they are within 50 feet of their ex.
I need an app that speeds up video 👀 help?
There needs to be an app that tells me who deleted me in snapchat 😩
ugh they need to make an app for this
What do people want in an app that can be used everyday? #brandchat
Need an app to stop the craving for savouries after dinner #calories
Wish there was an app that identified places nearby where you could nap
I need to create an app that chats with me endlessly 😫
Need an app that lets me block the word "Jude". Help.
#Soundcloud needs to make an app for MacBooks. :/
I wish there was an app for Mac like Mail.app, except good at sending, receiving, and organizing email. Or, that Gmail supported Exchange.
I wish there was an app to prevent me from eating things I'll later regret, like most anything from any airport food court ever
i need an app to organize my apps.
i need an app to listen to it but the app isnt available on the finnish app store
I need to code an app for simply saving workout progress over time; like number of sets/reps. Every app I've used so far has been confusing.
I want to make an app that sends mothman phone calls. Looking for investors.
Half of me doesn't care about anyone &amp; the other half wants an app that tells me when my friends are going through a breakup &amp; why.
There needs to be an app to track Mister Softee
I need an app, that's a game that helps me go to sleep.
Someone needs to invent an app that can detect a gun within a user-defined range so that people like me can stay away from all these wackos
They need an app that tells you what snowball stand is open.
There needs to be an app for checking in coffee. Like Untappd or Vivino. #makeitso
I need an app to help me make decisions for what to do in my free time. There's so much. I'm overwhelmed.
Adelaide City carpaking is stuck in the 20th Century with paper tickets/machines, we need an app to give people more flexibility!
I need an app that tells me if my tweet is stoopid, that would save me a ton of time.
wish there was an app to find puppies near me to play with
They need to make an app that brings back all of the bulletins you posted back on MySpace
Microsoft apparently wants Windows 10 users to pay for an app to play dvds? Let me scoff and download codec packs for free legally.
Unless he's texting me. We need an app for that.
I wish there was an app that could write all my thoughts throughout the day 💭💬📲
I need an app that shows who looks at my profile.
I wish there was an app that told me what you were thinking 👌🏼😔
Need to make an App for people who dont sleep at night and can talk to eachother anonymously 👌
I need an app that continously reminds me after 5 minutes "Phone side par rakh k kuch parh ly begairat"
They need to make an app for girls to call and a automatic voice will listen and repaid to when when they wan to be in their feels
They need to make an app that tells you what slurpee flavors are at what locations #latenightthoughts
Need an app that detects amasimba.
I want an app that tells me exactly how many Scorcese units my eyebrows measure.
I wish there was an app that would tell you the worst shows on Netflix so you could bore yourself back to sleep
There needs to be an app for night people and they just chat until they fall asleep.
I need an app that blocks all social media accounts of kids aged 16 and younger
I need an app that continuously reminds me after every five mints that Phone side main rakh ke kuch parh le Begairat 😆
I need an app that reads my manuscript and automatically writes a query letter and synopsis.
There really needs to be an app for runners telling them where the nearest public bathroom is
I wish there was an app that allowed me to see all the pictures I've deleted off of insta
I want to build an app that would be able to generate event info from flyers, posters and the like! #hacktheplanet
They need an app to tell you where the available spaces are in long term parking lots at airports. It's always an adventure.
we want an app that can snap not one that works like crap
I wish there was an app that could tell you the best type of clothing to wear based off the weather
I need an app that tells me who on twitter is dating who
I need an app that will prevent me from accessing Twitter and Fb after 9pm. No good ever comes of it.
There needs to be an app that tells us where the nearest gas station is with the cheapest gas
I really really want that app but my mom rather kill me than letting me download an app that costs money
need an app to initiate a drone strike at the source of an unknown caller
Friend is explaining how her cell phone can help her if she's lost. Now she just needs an app to tell her when she's confused.
Hey #selfieapp, you need an app for android!
There needs to be an app for these kinds of things
i wish there was an app to turn off my lights too
I need an app that changes my channel every time trump takes the mic
I need an app that tells me whenever Carlos Correa comes to bat. #Astros
Calling all developers: Need an app to filter all political posts from Twitter feed from now until I'm dead. Will pay handsomely.
i want an app that shows me a live feed of the milkyway from space on my bigscreen...ok thnx
I need to set an app for my hair ..
We need an app that finds hidden power points at Australian airport lounges and food courts.
I want an app that lets me read in my sleep.
Okay but you dont really even need an app to play the 7 sec challenge tbh you can just get a timer, invent challenges and have fun too
Do you need an app to read books on Android or can you put one on in a folder somewhere and open it natively?
someone needs to invent an app that lets you delete you number out of other people's phones
I wish there was an app that would narrate my life in first person, like a noir movie.
need an app that unfollows you when you get in a relationship
I wish there was an app that automatically skips over jay z verses
I need an app that has an icon that looks like a plus sign in to icloud
I'm going offline. Stupid people making me cross. Not any of you. Wish there was an app that stopped stupid people being online hurting some
I need an app that let's me know how long it's going to take for my food to get to me after placing my order
There needs to be an app that tells you where the closet Coke products are.
I need an app that allows you to make multiple cuts on one video. Not just one cut! Anything?
Someone (Sprite or 3rd party) needs to build an app that allows you to digitally mock up a can with the lyric of yr choice and then share it
Unsend a text. There really needs to be an App for that.
They need an app that helps you find the tv remote when you lose it
I need an app that tells me not to get on the Red Line when there's a Cubs game.
I need an app to edit pics on bb pls can anyone help?
I need an app to put two videos into one. Help
I wish there was an app to know if an ice cream trucks coming by like that would help so much
Someone needs to start an app for people who want to go to things/do things with people but has no one to do said things with
I wish Canva was an app for iPhones too
I just want an app to organize my sleep schedule, why do you need access to my photos?! #JustTinFoilHatWearingThings
I wish there was an app that would wake me up whenever zayn tweeted.
There needs to be such thing as an app that tracks trains and what rail roads their crossing/about to seriously wtf
Need help developing an app that translates "mom emoji" speak. Not sure if she's ever being cryptic, or just randomly pressing buttons.
Do we really need an app for everything? #unpopularlogic #bayarea #siliconvalleyproblems
I wish there was an app that would delete all the screenshots in my phone.
I need an app that claps for me while I'm holding my beer
Twitter needs an app for an open bar #justsaying
I wish there was an app for stopping from texting certain people allowing yourself not to look like a damn fool 😒😒😒😒
I need an app that tells me where the nearest macaroons are. Does that exist? #macaroons #yum
i wish someone would make an app to make it possible to play touken on mobile like they did for kancolle...
There needs to be an app that blocks you from texting random people at night when you start feeling lonely.
So we need an app to tell us when the traffic light goes green?
Need an app that changes my icons on my homescreen
Some people need to download an app for picture collage. Spamming on insta.
I need an app that tells me to put the vodka down on a night out but also an app that locks my phone for the whole night. #hungover
They really need to create an App that fixes a cracked screen.
Any Android App Developer Here... Want to develop an app for my website..
There needs to be an app that tells you what barriers are open and if they're are inspectors on a train
I need an app that'll let me listen to music without Internet 😭😭
I need an app to help me find my sunglasses.
Need to install an app to play that video.
I wish Chrome had an app for iPhones to sync sms messaging
I need an app for music
Who else wishes for an app that could unsend texts?
Someone needs to invent an app that listens to conversations and makes note of any absurd/funny statements
I need an app to download music on my phone 😒 anyone know any good ones?
I needa invent an app for shade!!
They need an app that if you scan someone's face you can find their Twitter/ Instagram
I wish there was an app to tell you where the nearest mister softee ice cream truck is
I wish there was an app to see what's in my fridge without having to get up
I want an app that generate ringtones from the hits and random one hit wonders of the 80s.
I wish there were an app that would automatically respond to pop-ups with "Shut up, I'm busy".
There needs to be an app to locate a mister softee truck #nycproblems #noidonotwantfroyo
There needs to be an app that just resets photos you take to sad jazz music from cowboy bebop and adds to the photo See You Space Cowboy.
I also wish there was an app to show you all the parties near you when you wanna turn up
I wish there was an app to put he the #dreamville crown on my own picture 😢
*Attempts to study something* *Wants an app to help arrange ideas in a certain way* *Learns to make a Javascript app instead of studying*
I need an app for everything!
I need an app to find my charger
there needs to be an app that sorts through the people you follow and unfollows the ones who aren't relevant anymore
I need an app to back up my videos from otra in hq
Wish there was an app that would show who follows you on snapchat 👀
I need an app to change videos to photos any recommendations
I wish there was an app that would turn off my bedroom lights.... #howlazyareyou #thislazy
I need an app that reels me when a hot mess unfollows me. Not thirsty for getting follows but not here for… whatever you call it ✌🏼️😒
I need an app to remind me to add reminders to my calendar
I need an app that can send gifs
I honestly wish there was an app for everything.
I wish there was an app that made decisions for you
I need an app to keep track of all my auto-billed infrastructure services. Starting to waste money. Recommendations?
I wish it was an app to let Me know when somebody screen shots my messages lbvs!!
I need an app that allows me to like / follow a band, person, etc and goes out to all my social networks and adds them.
I need an app that constantly does searches on Twitter for tweets from people in Utah.
Oh wow he wants an app to combine his dubsmash's 😳😳😳😳😳 #iliterallycannot boy you're 10 wtf
I need an app to download music not just favorite it and be able to only play in with wifi
They really need an app for girls that are willing to do laundry for free or in exchange for booze/sexual favors
I need an app to alert me when the lines are shortest at Costco.
I need an app that will download music for free, not stream it...
They need an app for people who smoke alone 95 percent of the time and want a buddy to smoke with called like Stonersmeet that would be cool
I need an app that'll record voice &amp; scribe for me on screen
I wish there was an app that told you how long the drive thru line was at the closest in n out burger. Hate going when it's stupid long
You ever wish there was an app that would tell you everything is going to be ok like it actually knew it was gonna be ok that would be nice
There needs to be an app that will erase snap chat typing when you forget to save it first
They need to make an app that shows who deletes you off snapchat, after this weekend I'm curious
I need like an app that tells me when my gym membership is due 😔
they need an app for that
I need to develop an app that automatically sends my kids back to bed. And makes me coffee.
I need an app that doesn't let me access social media while drinking bc clearly incapable of avoiding it on my own
I wish there was an app that would tell me gas prices around me and at gas stations on the way to my destination. One of you nerds get on it
Wish there was an app that scanned my belly to stop me worrying and waiting weeks on end to make sure my baby is okay. Hate waiting
I wish there was an app that told you if the bus is late or not
There needs to be an app that makes it easier for sorority girls to send mass amounts of pictures to each other :-( #girlsjustwannainsta
wish they had an app for one of those men in black mind eraser things, i'd pay 69p for that
I wish there was an app to show you cheap gas 😩. Why is it 230 here but 219 by my house 😒
I wish there was an app for that
I wish there was an app to tell me what emotion I'm feeling
Someone needs to make an app that will give you a random (yet productive!) task to do when you're procrastinating.
Also: need an app that turns every mention of Kardashian and Jenner to cats and pandas, respectively
i need an app that lets me change annoying american droning voices to soft welsh or scottish
I need an app to show me how many times the place I'm about to sit has been farted on.
Someone needs to make an app for power hours
It's sad when people feel that they need to use an app to get likes on Instagram...
I need an app that notifies me whenever a position player is pitching. Or one that sends me a video of it later.
Anybody wants to create an app to block anything #Kardashian related? Anybody?
I need an app that knows I'm climbing stairs and automatically plays a Destiny's Child song. #Motivation #
I wish there was an app that would block me from online shopping
Sooooo this company wants to create an app for my blog for free....
I need to invent an app that tells me where the nearest restroom is
Still need an app to screenshot? You need a new phone
Someone needs to go ahead and invent an app that lets you open someone's snap without them realizing
i need an app that allows me to create some sick beats for my mixtape
Someone needs to make an app for hot pot. Namely when stuff is cooked.
I need an app that blocks everything Kardashian... Everything!
Thunderridge is 10 times bigger than my old school.. So Someone needs to create an app to help guys like me find there way to class🙏👌
there needs to be an app that will let you know if the place you're at is haunted
I need to find an app that will cut out someone in a group photo and reattach the photo.
Wish there was an app to make my mom go to bed
We need an app for loc styles
They need to come out with an app that shows the track record with all you females. Like b*tch, let me see the Whorefax n we go from there 😂
They need an app that tells you how many Twitter fights you start per day
We need an app that will slap silent unfollowers
Protester 1: my lighter's dead. Protester 2: we need an app for setting trash fires.
i want to design an app that lets kids track how far their bus is so they aren't left in the dust if the bus is late or early
I need an app to delete tweets • Brace Arquiza On TeenPowerConcert •
I need an app that gives boy advice
I wish there was an app that let everyone commute normally in the rain. Its just water everyone, you'll be okay
I wish there was an app that said who has viewed my Instagram profile since it's public
I need an app to download free music on an iPad or iPhone. Help pls.
You know when Tonia wants a cat so bad that she downloads an app that lets her "adopt kittens" 😂
I need an app to block tweets with certain key words (not accounts). You know, words like Trump, Kardashian, Bieber, etc.
I wish there was an app that scanned my brain for my mood, and played music based off of that
I need to find an app to tell me what day it is. #lifeinthecontinuum
I need an app that let's you add emojis to pictures
I wish there was an app that showed you how long the line at chipotle was so you know when to walk over
Hey teachers...need an app that will play a song at a designated time. Play "shake shake shake" at 9:30"
iPhone need an App that tell you the future ...
There needs to be an app for eloteros near you
Someone needs to design an app that, when activated, completely rids websites you visit of the Kardashians &amp; anyone associated with them
Think Geek also needs an app to make my life easier
Someone in San Francisco right now is trying to gamify good deeds because they need an app to be decent. It'll be called nice.ly.
i wish there was an app for meeting cute dogs in my area
There needs to be an app for mixing good coffee and good design in Melbourne. Need cold drip and plywood…go.
I need an app that's like tinder..but with food. Swipe left for nasty looking food. Right for good food. And contact info to order food! 😋
I need an app that reminds me to blink every now and then.
there needs to be like an app that shows you good places to chill in a hammock
We need an app that can match melodies for when you dont know the lyrics to a song you want to remember
I wish there was an app to tell me what kind of cake I'm eating
I wish there was an app to make photos not blurry :(
I wish there was an app to unfollow everyone
Wish there was an app to see all the snap chat stories you've ever posted 😂
I want to make an app that when you put it in the sky on a plane it tells you where it's going 😂
I wish there was an app to figure who's going to screw you over later in life
I also need an app for free music?
I need an app that can save instagram videos for free ... Anyone have any suggestions ??
I wish there was an app that'll show you who's on their phones the most.
Need an app that lets me play Sauce Twinz adlibs at my leisure
I need an app that'll get me the Free Weezy Album tho 😔
I wish there was an app that would block any news or images of the Kardashians.
I need an app that stops twitter working between midnight and midday.
i need an app that reminds me to cancel my free trials b4 they not free anymore
I wish there was an app to see how many people have blocked you bc ik like two people who did but I'm curious to see who else did
they need an app that shows who blocks you
I wish there was an app that would isolate and cut out faces/bodies from a picture. #timesaver
I need an app that shows open wifi access points on or near Lake Union #ratelimited #mobilewifi #tmobile #128kbps #usethecloud #workaround
who wants to build me an app that locates all records across the system owned by inactive users? #Salesforce #seekingdevelopergenie
I wish there was an app to run the bath 😂
i need an app to make all my bad poetry public
I need disney channel to come out with an app that lets me play that Lilo&amp;Stitch sandwich stacking game.
I wish there was an app that made it so you weren't allowed to text a person unless they texted you first. 💡
Someone needs to make an app that works the same way as Timehop, but allows you to view texts from a year or so ago.
They need to make an app that is a scale
Someone needs to develop an app that will do something with all the tweets you have faved.
Someone needs to create an app that delivers beer
I wish there was an app that turned my own facial expressions into emojis.
I need an app for figuring out what twitter folk are mithering on about now.
I need an App that exposes all the Cliffords within a 100km radius from me.
There needs to be an app that lets me know what restaurants nearby have a wing night and on what night it is
Why would anyone want an app that tweets how many followers &amp; unfollowers they have every day? We don't care &amp; neither should you
Someone needs to create an app that keeps people awake when they try fall asleep while studying.
I hate computers. they need an app for tweetdeck, Jesus Christ.
srsly need an app that locks my apps and doesn't allow me to unlock it at all till the time limit is over
I need to find an app for ringtones on an📱📱#iPhone6Plus
I wish there was an app that told you what to say to things that you don't know what to say to...
Need to make an app for mobsters. To order getaway cars and cleaning services. Call it /fagettabowdit/
I wish there was an app that would delete my number from other people's phone
I want an app that would pick out my outfit based on the weather and my wardrobe
Why do you need an app that locates the location of public toliets?!
I want an app that would allow me to store my “good addresses” for any kind of things on a map. Do you know something like that?
I wish there was an app that told us how hot or cold central office feels like making the school for the day
Why would you want a scale and timer and then need an app for it? Why not just a scale and timer?
I need an app that tells me where the closest cold brew is... and hands me one.
i need an app to delete all the embarrassing things i've ever posted on social media aka 2008-2011
Kind of wish there were an app that would make decisions for me
there needs to be an app that knows the weather so it can give you and idea on what to wear
I need an app that can delete all my old tweets
India needs an app to order Gangajal and get rid of this #kanwariya mess on the roads.
We need an App for best hottest fashion trends .... Could be a hit or miss.....
I need an app that shows where the closest acai bowl is to me at all times.
Wish there was an app to shrink ma foreheed.
I wish there was an app that would deliver food to my bed right now #workkickedmyass
I wish there was an app that combined soundcloud and spotify.
Wish there was an app to get champagne delivered to my door
there needs to be an app that you can take off the caption on a snapchat picture
We need an app to always tell us the winners!
I just want an app that tells me what channel the game is on....not breaking news, not real time scores....just what channel the game is on
I want an app that's a combination of traffline and Google Maps to tell me if there was a traffic jam at the same time last year or not.
I need an app that mutes the announcers.
I need an app that will tell me if a plant is poisonous if eaten by a cat upon photographing the plant.
I need an app for downloading videos off twitter. And app for android phones😑
Did 40 min run! #happyme need to choose an app for distance purposes #Runkeeper #mapmyrun #anyone?
I wish There was an app to find friends to goto a movie with you.
I want an app for Grocieres that lets me enter stuff on my computer and then pull it up on my phone. Anyone have one?
I wish there was an app for where venue bathrooms are.
I need an app to download/store music on
I wish there was an app for a fan 😕🌞
Where do girls find these random ass inspiring quotes for their ig pics I've never heard of before.. There needs to be an app for that.
I wish there was an app to check what's currently in my fridge to see if it's worth getting out of bed for
I def need an app that can cache music b4 school starts
There's needs to be an app that won't let me order food after 8 p.m.
Need an app that doesn't let me use snapchat or my credit card after a certain hour
Need to get an app that will tell me about my patriots!
Everyone in some way on social networks is a plagiarizer . Someone needs to come up with an app to stop plagiarism on Twitter
Nowadays, people don't look for solutions to their problems. They want to create an app that would make other people magically solve them.
ao3 needs to create an app for iphone asap
How to block these pseudo-inspirational quotes written in cute fonts and super-imposed on artsy photos of sunsets? We need an app for that.
I need a device or an app that would automatically help me 'check up' on people without them knowing its automated. I'm tired of trying.
I need an App that will tell me the name of the song &amp; the singer....just from my badly hummed version of the song. #cantrememberthewords
I need an app that reminds me I've left my headphones on whatever table I'm eating lunch at, someone want to get on that
I need an App to budget my money.
The lazy girl in me think Potsdam needs an app to order food. #butwehavenothing #cityperks
i wish there was an app to just remove the john locke scenes from every episode
Yall need an app to appreciate the skin/body you were born with like ...ugh
I wish there was an app that will let me when the boys are online :/
I wish there was an app that would block any and all Horoscope related posts from Facebook.
I wish someone came up with an app that allowed me to scroll past articles that didn't interest me without leaving a comment.
I wish there was an app to deliver donuts. #keepdreaming 🍩😋
I wish there was an app that could tell me what to cook and how to cook it from what's available in my fridge.
Wish there was an app to delete my number out of people phones and brains
Spotted: tourist with an iPad cas from M&amp;M's World. All said iPad needs now is an app for the Aberdeen Angus Steak House.
They need an app to see what split drive times are to the half way points of other Twitter users. To meet for coffee.
Didn't even know you needed an app. for piercings
I wish there was an app that lead me to the sweetest watermelon in my city.
I need an app to close all my extraneous apps when my brain can't possibly remember to do that
I wish there was an app that could help me find my headphones
I need an app to play for like 10 hours
I wish there was an app that could just make my everyday life decisions for me
I need an app that notifies me when an account follows someone
I wish there was an app for this kind of thing...
They need to make an app that reveals the people who Ask you questions on Ask.fm already 🙌👥
I need to come up with an app that will delete my number out of other people's phones
2015 w Lisa Alnas stealing pictures of others 😭 they need to make an app for that!
I wish someone would make an app that would constantly nag you to create more with notifications like "Stop being lazy and get drawing!"
I wish there was an app that stretches you out for you? 😊😊😊😊😊😂😂
I wish there was an app that would tell you who stalks you on social media
I need an app for Swahili 😣
I wish there was an app that could Stop me from wasting my time by switching off my fon automatically.
They need an app for white people .. The white app
I need to sleep but their is this thing called an app that just won't let me
I wish there was an app that could give me food 😞
They need an app that tells you where local dealers are.
i need an app that motivates me to lose wight and exercise pls app makers do something for this lazy ass
I need an app that motivates me to work out more than once a week. Something along the lines of "move, you fat piece of crap".
I want an app that shows if you give people the delay respond to the message is charm, slept, had no time or lack of interest is the same.
I need an app that texts all my loved ones to tell them they may never hear from me again when my phone gets to 2%
I need an app that can find my wallet
I want to invent an app that reads my mood and determines wether or not anyone should be allowed to text me
I wish someone would make an app that would block anything dealing with the Kardashians/Jenner! #StupidAssPeople
I wish they would invent an app that would tell me not to go off on people and that I'm being crazy
I wish there was an app that tracks everywhere you go.😒
Wish there was an app for just mixtapes
I wish there was an app that recommended books not on surface level themes or structure, but instead has comps for similar feel and emotion
Someone needs to make an app that will restrain you from texting certain people when you are intoxicated. 😊
There needs to be an app that compiles the best local pizza delivery deals. This would make it so much easier.
I wish there was an app for a phone/tablet which could allow to spectate a random league of legends game called "Self-Commander Mode"
I need an app to dragon myself! I'm just such an amazing dragon trainer! 😂😂😂 #dragonmanialegends #cantstop #wontstop
I wish there was an app to find the nearest elotes man
We need an app that turns photos into realistic drawings😊 just saying
I need an app that's good for downloading music that works with and without using Internet , any suggestions ?
Trying to launch Windows Mobile 10 Store: "You need to install an app for this task. Would you like to search for one in the Store?" #Huh?
I wish there was an app to find out where the best view of the sunset is
I need an app to download music 😩😩
There needs to be an app to a #mongo replica set after a Travis build.
Forever wishing for an app that had snapchat, insta, and Twitter in one.
I wish there was an app that could show you how high my Uber driver is right now.
I need an app that you can call people on.
I wish there was an app to tell you which In n Out has the shortest line.
i wish there was an app that would let me unfollow 3000 at once
Need an app that tells me the right thing to say to girls bc apparently "the more you talk the less attractive you get" isn't it
I need an App to download videos from #YouTube on my iPhone please !! #HelpMe #AppStore
I want an app that tells me when the northern lights are out
I need an app to download music....help
Somebody needs to make an app that asks you 10 times if you are sure you want to send nudes 😩😩😩
I need an app to download music on iPhone pls
Twitch needs to make an app that incorporates their emoticons onto the smartphone keyboard
I wish there was an app to tell me where Weetabix Minis are on offer.
I want an app that changes all swear words on my phone to "Bobba"
Need to find an app to download music on seriously
i need an app to keep my 🍑😻 selfies safe 🔐 tired of people going through my phone 😒
Need an app that mutes any and all voting/nominating tweets. Including my own 😂
Who wants to develop an app for the Pipboy that is a simple re-skin of Google maps but has actual game locations that you can drive to?
i need an app that can alert me when my phone or watch is charged 100% like seriously...
i need an app that can keep what episode of tv shows I'm on because I'm lost if they aren't on netflix
I need an app that lets me create stylized radar charts for daaays ~__~
There really needs to be an app that alerts you when it's Harry Potter weekend
I need an app to create new emojis
I wish there was an app that told you when and where train tracks were blocked
I need to invent an app that locates the Elote Man. 🌽 #imhungry #whereareyou
I need an app that turns real life sounds into Jacques Tati sound effects.
Wish there was an app to find out where my shoes are
Honestly wish there was an app for eq anons to just text each other whenever something happens. Bc we actually care.
i wish there was an app to show who/what a person's tweet is about
I wish there was an app to find dealers
I wish there was an app that generated punny Instagram captions for you
I need an app for music ..
They need an app for bored people to meet up and hang out with other bored people based on things in common.
I wish there was an app that could tell you what someone thinks of you.
i wish there was an app to upload peoples pictures to to see how tall they are without having to awkwardly ask
I need to make an app that let's you use italics on cell phones. For, emphasis you know. It's so much harder to be a smart ass w/o italics
Need an app that reminds me not to text back
They need an app to help you find local weed men
I want to create an app that counts the amount of times you open each app for day #imonsnapchattoomuch
I wish there was an app that would help me not eat all the food in the 815
I need an app to listen to music with out Internet.
need an app to do my drawings on
I need an app that attracts Twitter people with Facebook personalities 😒
Somebody needs to develop an app that turns thoughts into PowerPoint slides.
Someone needs to make an app that takes the estate agent equation out of renting a flat. Charge far too much for far too little
I need an app that will read my readings to me.
Sure wish there was an app that tells you when there's a carnival in town
I wish there was an app to erase all of my social media history every 5 years. #sorryiwassuchafaggot #howdoihavefriends
I wish there was an app that downloaded all songs you shazam or at least makes a playlist on soundcloud.
Cleaning out my #Pinterest has proven to be quite the challenge. They so need an app to help track followers like #Twitter has.
Someone needs to invent an app for you to catch up on the group chat while you're away. I'm not ready for 200+ messages waiting for me
I wish there was an app that would make coffee for you
I wish they made an app that could translate what the frig my nail woman is saying
I wish there was an app that would reload my bank account
i need an app that gives stock alerts because next time my shares hit above 3 im sellin that bih
I wish there was an app to follow #BlueBell like there is to follow #Santa
I need an app to download free music for iphone help meee
I wish there was an app to make them get it
I wish there was an app to show you all the things you accidentally liked on social media while scrolling.
I need an app to pick out my clothes
They need to make an app that's a cop radar
i want an app that makes clinton's disapear like her emails do.
Need to figure out how to fill out an app that is on People First.
I wish they came up with an app to deliver groceries 😕
Wishing there was an App to tell me what matches MoLahyani was calling. #CincyTennis
Wish there was an app to help me find all the clothes I've lost
I wish Twitter had an app that tells me who's lurking
I need an app to help me human
They need an app that tells you when people unfollow you on Twitter like the one they have for Instagram
"I wish there was an app that let you scan people to tell whether they're good or not." -Hyein Ji
I need an app that executes a shell command on my server…
I wish there was an app that told you which celebrities were in vegas
We need an app that makes lying presidential candidates disappear after they declare their candidacy. #snapsplat #HillaryForPrison
I wish there was an app that could tell me what monstrous bugs attacked my ankles last night.
"I need an app for just you and me"
I need an app that let's me post an entire horizontal photo without letting instagram crop it.
Need an app that will make Chasing Cars by Snow Patrol automatically play every time you're looking out a window
I need to creat an app that shuts down everyone's snapchat within 500ft of me
I need an app to put clothes together for my Fav
I need an app that will send me pictures of Bill Hader on the hour
I wish there was an app to figure out all the songs from djs sets
I need an app that reminds me to take my office sweaters out of my giant office tote bag.
I want an app that knows the exact right time to break into my life with incidental music from The Addams Family tv show.
I wish there was an app to make my dad disintegrate in my presence.
I wish there was an app that let me send automatic replies to a specific number.
Someone needs to invent an App that tickets people who drive slow in the left lane
They need an app for vessel on playstation
I need an app that fines my earphones, charger and phone !!
Still want an app that turns my Jira tickets into a todo list.
I wish there was an app for life that tells you what to do when you're ready to just give up on everything you tried so hard to accomplish.
far fetched but they need an app for music that can map brain activity (&amp; dopamine levels) to find every song existing that you'd like
Need an app for the live stream...
I wish there was an app to delete every tweet
wish there was an app that would tell me who has favorited the most tweets of mine
i need an app that turns photo bursts into little videos
Wish there was an app that let you know when a dime dumps her scrub of a boyfriend
.#MyOnlineWishList an app to help me unsee things
#MyOnlineWishList an app to roll joints.
#MyOnlineWishList an app to erase all traces of the Kardashians from the Internet.
I want an app that will let me compose a text message and set it to send at a later time. Surely that exists. What is it?
Need an app that replaces True Detective Season Two intro music w/True Detective Season One intro music
Wish there was an app to tell me how crowded the gym is
I need an app that gives me daily updates on personal deets of who I'm supposed to be judging. Keeping up with y'all is exhausting.
I wish there was an app for tracking student cards :'-(
I wish there was an app to make my pictures of Niall not blurry
Me and Victoria need an app that helps us say goodnight because we usually end up staring at each other for like fifteen minutes.
I need an app that automatically unfollows anyone what auto-tweets their unfollowers, new followers, etc. from one of those retarded apps.
I wish there was an app for some girls to download flat tummy...
I need an app that lets me tweet from notifications.
I wish they made an app to where you'd be warned when you're in the same perimeter as a person you don't wanna run into 😂
I need an app that tells me what to wear based on the weather :(
Wish there was an app to find personal trainers in a local area.
Whatsapp really need to make an app for iPad
I need an app that predicts how likely my puppies are to be worried about today's weather. We can call it the Fret Threat Report.
I wish there was an app for framing tweets like there is a plethora for immortalizing instagram
I need an app to watch the eagles game when I'm at work :/
There needs to be an App that gives you notifications for class openings during Add/Drop week
Need to make an app. To get my braids
If schools give kids iPads, they need to develop an app that kills lice. You know, something that buzzes the kids like a cattle fence.
someone needs to write an app that will list who has you muted on twitter. i'd unfollow anyone who mutes me
I need an app that can screenshot instead of the power + down volume tech...
I need to do an app for Lafayette General &amp; Lady Of Lourdes ..
I wish there was an app that crawled my website every day and reported broken links
I need an App that Continuously Remind Me after Every 5 Minutes.. "Phone Side mein Rakh k Parh le Kameene" :-P
I wish there was an app to remove ghost followers 👻👻👻👻👻👻👻👻👻
i want an app to join music on a video pretty please
I wish there was an app that could tell me how long my nuggets have been in the oven for
I need an app to do that will kill time at work.
Wish there was an app that told me who all creeped on my social media
im in a serious need of an app to remind me to eat. hel p
Wish there was an app that could give me the % of my tweets about my unpreparedness for weather. #weatherpreparednessupdate #raininginphilly
They need to develop an app that stops you from tweeting when you're angry #hothead 🙋🏼😁
They needa make an app for people to go vent about all their problems so they can get off Twitter with all that
I need an app that matches my clothes for me because tbh I'm almost 18 years old and still don't know how🙍
i want an app that zaps someones phone if they dont respond quick enough
I wish there was an app that could filter out all Kardashian related news on my timeline
#CreepOutTheNewNeighbors Tell them you need an app to find and play hashtag games 😃😂😃
I need an app to lock app on the iPhone... Ideas anyone?!?!?!
Parents who need an app to remember their baby is in the backseat should stop having kids now.
I wish there was an app that you could open up and all of a sudden a real person would appear in front of you and give you a massage
Someone needs to invent an app that tells you how many Indian dudes are at the gym so you can go without half the gym muggin you
I wish there was an app for losing anything else like "find my socks" "Find my phone charger"
I need an app that can find missing Chapstick
Anyone want an app to disable the enlarging cursor in 10.11?
I need an app to get addicted to
I wish there was an app for audio tweets.
I wish there was an app that they showed all the old disney channel shows on
I need an app to redownload music; (
i need an app that reminds me to take my medicine every day
My grandma friend from church want me to do an app for her office downtown answering phones medical records!!!!
The GuardianWhy you need an app to understand my novelThe GuardianThe app was conceived to help the business of reading, not t... #ebook
Does Pop needs an app for streaming?
I wish there was an app to tell me if my roomies are awake
There needs to be an app for phone etiquette
I need an app that makes people not look at you, or me, whatever.
Always wished there was an app that could figure out what song is playing in my head and then actually play it.
I wish there was an app for meeting new people like tinder. Or woo. Or something along those lines. Being in a new city is hard.
Someone needs make an app to track that damn train in Kingsville #Tamuk
Hey J, what metrics does a young non engineer solo founder need to have for an app to raise a seed round? Asking for a friend #ibmsmartcamp
I want to make an app that tells you the current speed limit so people who are texting and driving will know when they're going too fast.
I wish walmart had an app that you would type what you are looking for and it would tell you what isle it is in.
I need an app that tells me exactly when McDonalds is serving fresh hot fries. There's nothing more disappointing than a cold fry. 🍟
I wish there was an app that replaced football commentators with Gorilla Monsoon &amp; Jesse Ventura/Bobby Heenan
What we need is an app that can hail a hovercraft not somebody's Camry so we can avoid all this construction.
I want an app that shares nonachievements. "Just completed 2 seasons straight of ___ and haven't bathed in 3 days let alone left the house!"
whatsapp need to make an app for mac
My brother has just came in my room wanting my iTunes password to download an app for more Instagram likes, little creep
I wish there was an app that alerts me when a car is leaving their parking space for street parking. 😅
I need an app that will give me answers to this math stuff. :/
I need an app that automatically downloads new songs on my phone Like directly.
Wish there was an app that was like a barometer but it's for my anxiety and on other people's phones - does this make sense?
I need an app that auto retweets Kim Kardashians selfies
Need an app to save YouTube vids to my phone. Something like music tube.
I want to make an app to find cuddle partners called 'Tender'. #Ideas
I need an app to download free music on my phone
I wish there was an app that could tell you what you wanted to eat...
I need an app that'll keep me entertained on nights like these
Just ideas but Who would want to see a Trendsetter website with an app to go along with it?
need to invent an app that locates my tv remote 😤
Need an app that delivers ice cream sandwiches.
i can only wish there was an app to help you unsee things you have seen
I need an app that can combine videos together
They need an app that hides or deletes certain periods of time from a phone. Like say, my last two months!
They need to make an app for nearby vegan food.
I need an app that'll delete all of my tweets
Need an app to block all Qandeel Baloch videos.
She said she needed an app to keep track of diaper changes &amp; feedings for her baby.. Wtf?! It's called being a parent.. #getittogether
Scientist has not been working enough...i need an app that cooks and dish meal
I wish there was an app to get people out of bed from miles away
I need an App that continuously reminds me after every 5 minuts that *Phone side main rakh k kuch parh lay ChaWal*
I need an app that alerts me with "a muggle dared to choose the wrong path instead of you" when someone unfollows me.
There needs to be an app that helps me decide what to wear based on the expected weather for the day.
There needs to be an app that aggregates the top Insta accounts to follow in every category. Along w/ identifying cross-category influencers
I need an app to help find my missing car
I wish phones had an app for a fan #dyingfromtheheat 🔥
World desperately needs an app to un-offend.
I need an app to go through and delete my existence from people's phones and memories.
I wish there was an app that told you how long the wait at Starbucks was
Wish there was an app for budgeting. Oh wait.
I wish there was an app that auto deletes Fb pics.esp those you posted under e influence of confusion
Peco needs to develop an app that allows me to pay from there. Or at least an online payment method that allows me to pay without a fee.
I need an app to find everything but my iphone 😔 #itsaroughonetoday #dontdowhatido
I also want to create an app to help artists
Need an app to help me with un/non followers!
I wish there was an app to tell me how busy the gym is.
I wish there was an app to tell me where to find good places in Jamaica to eat
I need an app that can hide things
Wish there was an app to read the female mind... 👤😶
Need an app to change all the news stories in my feed to coverage of young women of color, and not Franzen, Banksy, what have you
I wish there was an app that told me how many people are at the gym right now. Not in the mood to fight for time on the treadmill.
I want an app for recording interesting loops of weather radar to share on social media. Anybody else watching New York state right now?
I wish there was an app for that 😂
There needs to be an app that removes captions from saved snap chats
I wish there was an app that would alert white people when their posts were "unconsciously racist" (even if unknowingly so.) Might help?
I need an app that organizes all my apps. #firstworldproblems
I want an app that offers eggs to Santa Clara.
need an app that projects scarily realistic full body holograms of famous influential figures aggressively telling me to look after myself
I need to schedule an app for glasses b4 school starts :( #blindgurlz
I need an app that can download dailymotion videos help
I need an app for when you're sober at the bar.
i wish instead of tinder there was an app to find friends to go to taco bell w
I need an app that calculates how much time you waste checking out time-saving apps
Need to make an app that serves for everything it's taking up so much storage on my phone!!
They need to make an app that Facebook Twitter and Instagram are all in one news feed
p.s.I do not need an app to tell me how to draw my next breath.I feel like one of the last normal folk on earth.Celebs r fallible humns.
I need an app that tells me if my eyebrows and eyeliner is symmetrical or not ..
I wish there was an app that didn't let me Snapchat after 2am...#whatdidIsend
Who needs an app to figure how many follow&amp;unfollow?!😂my way is personal😘
I wish there was an app that blocked every image of Bruce Jenner dressed like a chick.
Wish there was an app to find games of dodgeball in my area
Wish there was an app that could answer the question 'does my bum look too big in this?' (Or in my case, thighs)..🍑
Why you need an app to understand my novel | Geek Updates [link removed]
*needs an app that converts any pdf to audiobook and reads them to me* someone make this happen.
Wish there was an app that'll show me men located within a 1-mile radius willing to suffer through my incessant complaints and stupid puns.
I need an app that notifies me any time Crimson Tide is on.
Who needs an app to help explode they business, and engage with their customers?
I wish there was an app that told me who has me blocked
I wish there was an app that tracks my friends' sleeping patterns. "Oh hey, it looks like Julie is up"
I wish there was an app that just shows everyone's subtweets about you
I really wish they would come out with an app that was exactly like animal crossing 🐼🐸🐨🐻
There needs to be an app that tells you the source for a gif
i jest wish Windows had an app for it :(
Wish there was an app that blocked me from listening to mayday parade when I'm a certain level of sad
Someone really needs to make an app to undo text messages
i need an app that shows me the location of every coffee machine in uni
I wish there was an app to tell you how dehydrated you are
i need an app that tells me who blocked me im making a whole photo album for them
I need an app that those brands stand against something but that they stand on the side of those who are getting killed.
Need an app for music cause Cba with iTunes.
Really wish the gym would create an app for members to book classes, using safari is such effort
I need an app that'd tell me if I've already seen the movie I'am attempting to watch.
Need an app to block myself from tweeting while sleepy.
I need an app that makes those cute lil videos to put on insta 😭😩 #helpmetwitter
I need a website or an app to watch movies
Wish there was an app to get rid of the flash glare on my glasses 😒
There needs to be an app that removes snapchat banners 😑
i need an app for me to type in all my notes
I need an app to disable the use of my story while I'm inebriated
I wish there was an app that you could take a picture of clothes and it would show you wear to buy them
I need an app that tells you how many people cried after watching a movie
I need to get an iTunes card for an app for work 😒
In the future you are gonna need an app to detect if someone is lying to you or not when you speak to them
I wish there was an app for Spice Bags
I need an app that tells me where all of the free food and t-shirts are this week
Someone needs to make an app that tells you where the cheap gas stations are
I wish there was an app for a McFlurry delivery
I wish there was an app that would yell at you when you haven't posted on Twitter in over a week... so "Hi!"
I wish there was an app that told me how much I've spent at Starbucks so far
I wish there was an app that gave me funny app jokes.
Don't tell me people need an app for that too? Google map yourself then -_-
Need an app that helps me keep track of my spending, but isn't complicated as balls. Might make my own tbh
I wish there was an app that would make decisions for me
Really need an app to play music on, audio tube is playing up again😒
There needs to be an app that can recognize a song simply from an amateur, acoustic recital
I find it sad when girls feel the need to use an app to get likes, it's just a number..
I wish my phone had an app to where it can turn the light off 😒
There needs to be an app that you can take or upload a picture to with a celebrity's face and tell you who it is
Why would you want such an app to exist Lool ....people aren't even honest about performance privately
I wish there was an app that would make a baconator pop out of my phone
I need to make an app that makes the perfect caption for ya Instagram photo
there needs to be an app that makes pictures unblurry
Definitely need an app to sync Twitter, Google +, Instagram, Facebook asap
they need to make an app for blackboard forreal
I need an app that does that, helpppppp 😭
need an app to locate English accents to accuracy of, oh, 500 metres
I need an app that blocks singing vines.
I need an app for music that won't waste my data
I wish there was an app that not only told you the weather, but also told you what to wear for the day.
The needs to be an app for the Great Lakes wave height and wind speeds and their directions
A2) Contact Centre needs an app that combines customer data into single view so can respond appropriately to inbound comms #ecomchat
They need to make an app for Banner Web! 😩
I wish there was an app to rate naps a because this one deserves a solid five star.
I wish there was an app that you could type a message into and David Attenborough would read it out, I'd so get him to read all my lectures.
In need of an app for music without needing wifi asap
I need an app that collects all the micro-tasks in my life and takes care of them in one go. Renew license tabs...Return library books...etc
There needs to be an app that helps me locate my misplaced driving licence.
I need an app that lets you download music for free on android 😣
Hunter informed me he needs an app to track which countries he's had Taco Bell in. Funny thing is, he really does #marriedlife #tacobell
Someone needs to come up with an app that explicitly says, that it's exclusively for people looking for hookups. No strings attached.
Need to make an app that tells you how many people are at a given shop at a certain time so that you know when waits are the shortest
I wish there was an app that read dog's minds
I want an app that helps me figure out how weather &amp; atmospheric conditions affect my headaches.
I need someone who knows how to create an app to partner this idea
Somebody needs to create an app that shows the best places to poop on campus
i wish there was an app that gave me the password 2 every wifi
They need to make an app that reminds you whenever john Cena is gonna murder a man.
i need an app to upload pics to snapchat 👀👀
the music that's playing right now at my barbershop is absolute garbage, wish there was an app that could allow me to Jack the control
I wish there was an app to where you can type in unknown numbers and the person's name pops up.
I need an app to the underworld #ShamanApp
there needs to be an app that predicts how good the sunset is gonna be
There needs to be an app to find a connect near you
Wishing there was an app to create a read aloud test..... Any suggestions?
i wish there was an app to see what people have stalked my instagram because that would be so useful
I need an app for music ):
There needs to be an app that tells you what to wear based on the weather
Someone needs to create an app to help you study. It would read a question and allow you to pick right answers verbally
I need someone to make me an app that Just generates random passwords and enters them until one works anyone good at that? &gt;_&gt; #Kappa
I wish there was an app that you could put the three movies you can't decide on and it randomly chooses one
Need an app to make my messages prettier😂
Ok cafes &amp; coffeehouses need an app to tell us how many seats are left so we know whether to go or not #plstakemysuggestion
I need an app that categorizes and allots the appropriate amount of time to each of my addictions.
I need an app to track my three-strike policy against people who post screenshots of their weather app.
I need an app that has an icon that looks like a year ago
I want someone to design me an app that could take my severely misaligned thoughts and translate them into clear formatted text.
Need to find an app to play that isn't deader than my life atm
I need an app that shuts down Twitter when it's time for me to sleep
I wish there was an app that tells you if a tweet is about you. It's totally impossible but It'd be so cool
I need an app that prevents me from logging onto twitter when I'm in a bad mood.
I need an app that doesn't allow me to listen to drake after 9pm, it's not good for my health.
I wish they hand an app that can remove me off of other people's social media
I need an app to save videos off of Twitter
I wish there was an app to put my makeup on for me. #makeup #mornings
I wish there was an app that can listen to a person's voice and see how they are really feeling
I wish there was an app that would let me separate any instrumental from its vocals.
Wishing there was an app that could pack for me..
Wish there was an app to find all covers available on youtube for a particular film song #idea
FlagHi was borne from a Phoenix-to-Bandon trip: Different conditions affected carry #s. We said "There needs to be an app for this." #boom
Remember when you needed to download an app to get emojis
Need suggestions for an app that posts to multiple media sites at once, suggestions?
I wish there was an app that unfiltered girls photos, would make things a lot easier #LeftOrRight
I wish there was an app to see what machines are open at the gym before you go
I need an app that can find missing lighters
I want an app that tells me when my back is visibly sweaty
I need to make an app that let rappers kno if they bars good like a RhymeRater, imma be sick when somebody make a million off that idea
I want someone to make an app for aromantics that helps you find platonic friends with similar interests. It could be called Platinder.
I need an app for homework sos someone help ya girl pass algebra
Shop rite needs to create an app that tells you where things are because it sucks here
i need an app that downloads music bc goddamn
i wish there was an app that helped me pick out an outfit for school
So they pay $500+ for a phone w a dope camera but want an app that make they vids look like a 90's camcorder. I'm lost.
The twitter website sucks. Need an app for my Mac.
need to find an app that will show allocation of bandwidth 💭
There needs to be an app to find local, reliable weed men.
I literally need an app that finds my id card..
Today, you need to have guts to create and release an app for the Gear. Affraid lot of devs will be discouraged by the requirements.
#ItCouldTakeMyEntireLife to figure out why you would need an app to find and play hashtag games
I need an app that can play music with out wifi 😤
#ItCouldTakeMyEntireLife to figure out why people feel they need an app to post funny hashtags and jokes. Internetmeansfreedom
Need an app to download music from
I need an app that'll make my bed for me
they need an app that identify perfume and cologne scents
I wish there was an app to change the word "vibes" to something else on all social media platforms. It would help my sanity a lot. 🚫😶
i need an app that lets me download youtube videos
I wish there was an app to tell me if the gym is packed right now
Need an app to save this gifs
There needs to be an app that shows all vegetarian options at all fast food restaurants.
i really need an app for instagram that lets me block and unblock everybody
Wish there was an app that screened my emails and sent me a message which says "if you send this you'll open a can of worms"
Done-ish with the day and wondering how to spend the gift of unexpected free time wisely. Wish there was an app for that.
i want an app for iphone that downloads videos????!!!! any help???????????
Glad YouTube now have a specialist gaming app. Now they just need to hurry up and do an app for Frasier clips
I wish there was an app for progress book😁
we need an app for nphs which makes getting passes easier
Do you have a problem? Do you wish you had an app for that?
I wish there was an app to delete a text you sent. Ninja edit the text message nah mean
I need an app that lets me download music without having to pay for it on itunes
I need an app to convert my soft copy notes into audio files ,if there's any 😔
Need a recommendation for an app that handles podcasts like Feedly handles blog posts. Subscribe to a stream. Stay updated. Etc. Thoughts?
Wish there was an app that let me locate a bathroom
I need an app that my cat will "use" to tweet from
I need an app to watch the man united game off my phone! anyone got any?
Wish there was an app to tell me when my nails are dry
Wish there was an app to see if the gym is busy or not
I want an app that lets me deposit cash into my bank account by taking a picture of it. Just like my Chase app does with checks.
I need an app that can fit like 40 photos in one
You want to create an app that can cure depression? I'm actually offended.
i wish there was an app that can show me harmonizers near me
I need to make an app for highlighting skate spots
Wish there was an app to see how long the line at Chipotle is
Does anybody know if the glow bracelets at the 5sos concert need an app to work? If so whats the name of the app,I need this info b4 Friday
I wish there was an app for aeries
They need an app for ice cream trucks
all you need is an app to distract a female; Twitter ig snapchat etc
I wish there was an app that was full of gifs…
I wish there was an app to help me find my tv remote😕
Wish there was an app that blocked users from posting the same post multiple times a day. * deleting several abusers *
i wish there was an app that would tell you what food you had
I need an app to unfollow inactive accs
i need an app for archiveofourown okk
Need an app to listen to music that doe rinse my data like soundcloud 😩
Someone needs to invent an app to unblurry pictures
Need an app that captures all of the ambitious plans "first thing in the morning me" makes, to help "tired lazy after work me" accomplish.
I need an app that shows discount available hair appointments, like they have for tee times.
I wish there was an app that could tell you hypothetically how many likes you'd get on a pic, so you'd know which to post. #isthatshallow?
Victoria's Secret needs to make an app for easier mobile shopping.
Need an app to file photos with names detail and links to each other - suggestions?
I wish they had an app to tell you were the food trucks are downtown
The only sites I've seen do a good job are Live Mixtapes and YouTube. Apps are good but not everyone wants to dl an app to listen to 1 song.
I wish there was an app that would tell me what my neighbors are cooking. And then would head to my kitchen and cook it.
Wish there was an app for "someone near me help lift a couch into my truck" cause the "get my kids to help" app doesn't work.
Wish there was an app that moved my clothes from the washer to the dryer.
Need an app to download and watch anime
"I need an app to deal with her." #getinline
I wish someone could create an app that "unfilters" a picture... Yhu! Re ka bona metlholo ☺
i wish there was an app that would tell you where things are
I wish they had an app to turn off the lights bc im comfy don't wanna get up
I need an app that functions like a cold water tap right now.
Needs to be an app that lists who blocks you
Waffle House needs an app that informs you of the nearest location. Need Waffle. Need House.
I need an app to tell me if an outfit is cute or not
The app for the app you're using needs to install an app to be appful.. Appful: adjective, to be useful but with an app.
I wish there was an app that let me publish my fears and frustrations online for people to ignore
I wish there was an app that just showed you new music from the artists you listen to. .-.
I need an app to block Crawfords Mets retweets
I need an app to tell me if someone worth it or nah
I really want a website or an app to show me all those who blocked me on here.
I wish there was an app that shows me when my txt have been read without havin' iPhone💯
There needs to be an app that let's the people that owe you money pay the people you owe money.
My body needs an app to optimize its battery.
I wish there was an app that let me check the food in my fridge without having to get up
I wish there was an app that could bring me back to my first tweets in Twitter. 👌
There needs to be an app that matches wind speed with skirt length
Need an app to remind me animals are friends, not food.
Urgently need an app that would make people tweet only what they really think &amp; not what they want us to think they are thinking. #Nigeria
I wish there were an app that would bring me bagels for free. Get on it, Silicon Valley.
I wish there was an app that could translate what animals are saying into English
I need an app that shouts at me a month before a bank holiday
Need an app that can show me the trajectory of the moon, timings for moonrise &amp; moonset (or whatever it might be called). Tips? #Photography
I wish there was an app that told you why someone unfollowed you. Like what tweet made them hit unfollow. That could be very useful.
I need an app that tells me where the nearest free coffee is. Bonus points if it takes me en route past a microwave.
I need an app that will track all packages that are in transit to me/my address without having to manually put in the tracking numbers
I need an app to give free follows easily, do you guys know Any?
i need an app that has a good show despite what Rodney thinks
Gone are the days where you need an app to have the full picture shown on Instagram #score
I wish there was an app that recommends what you should cook based on what ingredients you have at home
I wish it was an app for the mall where you can pick out outfits &amp; the mall have a little pick up window &amp; just pick it up &amp; keep it moving.
I want an app for music, iphone, anyone?????????
i need an app that streams Does that exist in the entire world
Someone needs to invent an app that tells me when and where speed traps are.
We need an app that alerts us peasants on the beer and whiskey prices in Nairobi. This thing of buying beer 250 na kwingine ni 160 itakoma
I want to make an app that lets you skip up to 3 songs off of a jukebox every 24 hours.
i need an app that will tell me if i'm running a fever. like thermometapp.
I wish there was an app for making friends. Not like a dating app, like legit friends :(
I wish there was an app that could tell me speed limit on my lock screen. Like obviously that sounds horrible, but it would be nice..
I need an app that sends a phone notification when petrol is low in my car and lists the cheapest prices today by location #wishlist #tech
wish there was an app that would analyze my social and private media, tell me what i'd excel at and then suggest options. would help atm.
I wish Snapchat were an app that allows people to chat, but adds sass to everything they say. "You haven't played Until Dawn yet?" *snap*
I wish there was an app to tell me if Blaze was crowded or not.
I need an app that will let me create my own calendar
I need an app that blocks all ads for nerd mash-up t-shirt companies.
I need an app that saves snapchat videos without needing a gmail thingy. help
I need an app that's like Urbanspoon but specifically for banh mi. Someone invent this for me
There needs to be an app that tells you what bar is most poppin' atm
We need an app that can remove all traces of Miley Cyrus and Kardashians from all my fb and Twitter feeds? #nomoremiley #killthekardashians
they need an app to lock my messages when you lowkey on
I want to create an app that can help you
I wish there was an app to access my old revines
i need an app that'll like dress me in matching clothes
need me an app to rid me of those bot followers...
Wish you could get an app for booking taxis
Wish there was an app to silence crying children on trains.
I need an app that will deliver food to me on demand
There needs to be an app for creepy pasta
There needs to be an app that refuses to let me snapchat after ive reached a certain point of turntness..sorry for the 160 second long story
i want an app that delivers fried whiting sandwiches to my bed
need to develop an app to arrange taxi sharing
I wish they had an app to help you locate potential cuddle buddies, like tinder but less terrifying
I wish there was an app to tell me if the chipotle line was long or not
I need an app to find restaurants with cream gravy near me
we need an app that has 5 stars rating for a barber after a haircut, nerds please get on it.
I need an app that tells me what to make for dinner:(.
I need an app that lets me download music and works without wifi 😅
I want to develop an app for people who like attending classic rock/pop concerts. It will assess the quality of the lineup appearing. 1/2
i need an app to cache music 😕
I need an app that finds an app guy
I wish there was an app that helped you remember where you misplaced things.
I wish there was an app that could turn my bedroom light out
I wish there was an app that let me send various smells to my friends. It could be called smellchat
There needs to be an app that makes plans for you
Someone needs to make an app that disables AliExpress when you're drinking. Jerseys for days
I wish there was an app to see when the ice cream trucks come by im craving hot Cheetos w/ cheese to the max
There needs to be an app that tells me how far the closet show is to me, and how long it takes to get there. List them all in order. #thanks
So. There needs to be an app that you can enter s photo into and it will tell you where you can purchase said item. can someone get on that
i wish there was an app that can tell me if im muted or not
I wish there was an app that had different chat rooms. Mobile social media is so boring. Bunch of zombies looking for food.
Wish there was an app that would tell me where the closest/open liquor store is
I wish there was an app that would let me delete my phone number from other people's phones😊
I need an app that can give you any food you want without doing nothing
They need to create an app that can text by using telepath
I need an app that forces me to reply to people as soon as they text
I need an app to download music 😭
i want an app that when you take a photo it takes a photo with front &amp; back camera at the same time, you would get the funniest photos ever
I wish there was an app that could make all the fuzzy pictures clearer
They need to make an app to tell you how packed dining halls are
I need an app to delete my number out of other people's phones.
I need an app that listens to the music my neighbor is playing in their backyard and tells me who the artist is.
Wishing there was an app that told me how packed the gym is
I just need an app that will edit my browser history to look like a good person
I need an app that hides all web-content associated with the word "Miley".
I need an app to auto-respond "airplane mode for the rest of the day" in all of my other apps
I want an app that straightens my hair for me
I need to make an app that allows people to 3-4 way FaceTime
I wish there was an app that told you where all the open gyms were at 😩🏀
i kind of want to make an app that gives you a personal phone assisstant as a chibi but im not a good programmer
I swear they need an app to tell you when the ice cream truck is coming
somebody needs to invent an app that helps you find friends like tinder. they could call it friender.
Need to design an app for late night workers.
need an app to put the weeknd's hair on my head
I need an app that helps figure out subtweets Or a smarter brain
I really wish there was an app that made Siri sound like Kitt from Knight Rider
I wish there was an app that could tell you what the best time to post a pic is to get the most likes
I wish there was an app to tell me all the social events happening in Vegas everyday..
I wish there was an app that could block all problematic 5sos stans for you
One of yall need to invent an app that allows me to steal locked wifi
I need an app for anime on my phone.
I need an app that turns my emotions on and off. That would be so useful.
Need an app to keep me organized
I need an app that can give me pizza without moving
I wish there was an app to hide anything with a Minion in it on social media. #minionsout
What we need on here is an app that instantly blocks "promoted" tweets....
I need an app that doesn't allow me to press snooze
Need an app that blocks tweets about miley cyrus
They need an app to track school busses
I need an app to download local music mane
Hey. Who wants to design an app that checks up on loved ones for the user?
I wish there was an app that would tell you what you could wear with the weather today
it is only blackberry that needs an app to take screenshot then the screenshot will have a watermark.smh
A sharing economy can't be a thing without sharing the profits. Someone needs to create an app for this.
The Parking Garage needs an app to tell you when the garage open or full
Wish there was an app that'd read the tweets out to me
The fact that people need an app to do math for them is out of my realm of conception
There needs to be an app that can make you food
I need an app to make Monday feel like Friday
I need an app that can stop my dog from barking when I'm putting kids to sleep. I'm not against wifi synced shock collars.
wish there was an app to tell you how much time + $ you save by using amazon with each order, including gas/car cost/frustration
I need an app to save YouTube videos someone please help
Screengrabs of private conversations.. Someone needs create an app that prevents such😒😒
I wish there was an app that could tell me how crowded the Ryder is at any given time.
They need to make an app to find a best friend
If she want you to download an app to text her, she a hoe. Keep walking
I wish there was an app that showed how crowded the hub gym is at the moment
Need an app to download music. Something legit. .
I need an app that's like Shazam, but for other people's outfits.
Need an app that automatically deletes/unfollows people who slander Kanye in my newsfeed.
I need an app that keeps me from buying too many Ebooks when delayed at airports.
You definitely want to be an app to die if every news source wasn't like, step 1 on the Web Optimization 101 checklist.
They need to make an app that tells you who has you muted
Who else wishes there was an app to unsend texts😩🙋🏽
I need an app that's basically uber for weed
i need an app to tell me when my eyes are red
I need a super dope 3D expert to layout an app for clothing/drawing/custom wear/live street streaming via green screen display
Need an app to keep me updated with #DeadlineDay anyone??
Need an app that locates the nearest chhole-kulche wala stand.
Need an app that is also air conditioning
forever wishing there was an app that matches a icon with a header because I'm rubbish at layouts☺️
Indrani needs an app to keep count of her husbands! 😂
I need an App to be able to download music though
I need an app that will deliver crackers and ginger ale #help
Have some ideas need to develop an app for that!! Any listener?? Investor??
i think we need an app for that
I need an app that can give me quoted tweet notifications from this new twitter and quote like the old twitter..........
There needs to be an app that fixes other apps that used to work right before they were updated to supposedly work better.
we need an app for people to first check if their opinion counts before they raise it .🎈
There needs to be an app that shows you where the bathrooms are in every class building.
I want to develop an app that blocks anything Taylor Swift from appearing in my digital experience. #TaylorSwiftOverload
Someone needs to make an app that tells you how long the lines are at in n out.
I need to create an app that tells us where parking services is currently at
I wish there was an app to change the weather. #TooHot #HotDamn
Someone needs to create an app to help with writing playbooks! I'm sick of PowerPoint! #football #handegg #fb
I wish there was an app that stopped you stalking certain people online
I need an app that tells me what line at the food store is going to be fastest
Who wants to buy me an app for $4
I just need an app to stop me looking at the Panda Cam.
We need an app that alarms people when there are popo at school
There needs to be an app that limits how many times a person can open a social media app per day
If hailo got rid of its scab section and made it only us, would you join. We need an app to compete.
there needs to be an app for Justfab
wish there was an app that new all the clothes in my closet and made cute outfits for me 😅
I need an app that makes good collages
I need an app that can keep all the couples off my tl 😂
They need to make an app that can block posts with the word #football or any of the major teams or any variants on those. #Ihatefootball
I need an app to help me disengage from technology
I need an app for switching the geyser on without having to get tf up out of bed.
Need an app to lock me out of my phone until homework is done, I'd spend $.99 on that.
DofE needs an app for iPhones, would make progress tracking a load easier
I need an app that allows you to delete a number from other people's phones
Wish there was an app that said what time the post was coming... Grrrrrrrr
Some one needs to invent an app that drys sneakers fast
I want an app that tells me that I'll save 25kr for buying a+b+c at store x than store y. simplez.
I wish my iPhone had an app that sprayed air conditioning on me #babyitshotoutside
I also want an app that allows me to develop new apps via quirky voice-enabled commands.
Cscc needs an app that shows all the parking spots that are open at all times
who wants to make an app that's been removed from the AppStore
We need an App for analyzing debates and political speeches. Something we can hold in the air and get the truth!
We need an app for saved snapchat pictures where we can just remove the words off the picture if we want to.
Need an app that tells me if a street has been swept or not #sfparking
There needs to be an app that you can take a picture of a dog and it will tell you the breed...
I wish there was an app to see how crowded or empty the gyms are
I don't understand why we need an app to talk when everyone has each others number on the team...
Going to try and make an iPhone game to increase reactions, not exciting but always wanted an app to help with this
still need an app that deletes messages you regret sending to someone before they see it
There needs to be an app that tells you the difference between the book &amp; the film for English students who try to just watch the film
also. abc family really needs to get with the times and make an app for xbox
I need an app to help me save my money
There needs to be an app that asks you “are you sure you wanna send this message?” before you hit the send button
I need an app that will delete my number out of other people’s phones..
i need an app to download my music onto.. any suggestions???
Someone needs to invent an app that scrolls tweets across the bottom of my laptop screen. Too much alt/tabbing
Someone needs to create an app that removes vocals/lyrics from songs. Some instrumentals are just better than good enough.
need an app to tell me how much earth costs asking for a hot rich friend
I wish there was an app to find my purse.
I really need an app for listen for free without internet
I wish there was an app that tells you specifically who unfollowed
I just need an app that tells me the weather.
I need an app that allows me to control my tv from my iPhone. I'm always losing the remote 😡
When you want to know something and you just have to open an app to know everything.
I wish there was an app to cool me off
I need an app to delete my phone number frm other sum people's phones.
There is a need for an app to summon a wo/man who brings hot Chai, chocolates, + samosas with a van to schlep stuff for urban farmers...
I need an app for music asap 😭
I need someone to develop an app that tells me I'm never really funny on twitter and to stop tweeting
I wish there was an app that could recognise different fonts
I want an app that makes my cellphone scream as the gyroscope detects that it's in free fall. (Idea courtesy of xkcd #1363)
I think facebook needs to come up with an app for deleting #fakers who think so to?? #notime #kwikit
Wish there was an app that rejects overly heavy texts. "Sorry, this topic is too important to treat like a high school note. Please call"
I want to design an app that saves all of an Instagram users pictures regardless if they're deleted or not..
I want an app that exposes fakes based on heart rate and brain activity...imagine how much better the world would be.
They need an app that can tell my period is here and over just by me touching the phone
Ugh. Need an app that refuses to let me search about what happens in the later episodes in the series I'm currently watching.
I want an app that tells me where highway patrol is.
I need an app for music please thanks goodbye
I wish there were an app to hide all the trump-ery on Twitter
I want an app that automatically blocks users who use the phrase "my fantasy team"
i need an app that is like tinder but gives me matches based on how girls like their burritos
Someone need so invent an app that tells me where the closest vending machine is.
I wish there was an app that could tell you which females do and don't like black guys. Life would be so simple.
I need to invent an app that finds halal carts that sell Chicken/lamb over rice with white sauce at all times...
I need an app that tells me what's the right decision
Wish there was an app for abstract writing #brainfade
There needs to be an app that tells you reviews on a guy before you start talking to him like: 3/10 Talks to many girls Wouldn't recommend
Wish there was an app that gave me directions inside campus buildings like skyrim does.
I wish there was an app to help me find my glasses.
I need to write an app that detects when I've missed someone's birthday and writes them a lame apology.
What we need is an app that only feeds you the good news.
I need an app for music when you don't have Internet cause school sucks 😅
I wish life was an app that you could delete &amp; re-open, and just login with a new email address. ♻️
Need an app to delete my tweets link me one lads
I need an app to track Charlie at night
There needs to be an app to connect people who are up late at night and hungry.
I want an app that recognizes when there's an object on the sink &amp; turns off the wi-fi
I need an app that will make all of the distractions around me go away:'(
i wish there was an app that allowed you to see yourself with different hairstyles
Rise and Grind my good folks of America! Time to write my daily to-do list items. ...I need to make an app for this.
I wish there was an app that showed me the closest restaurant to my location that served amazing chicken wings
We need an app that brings us water instead of reminding us.
I wish there was an app that you could create the perfect girl
i need an app that can let me see how i'll look like w short hair
legit wishing so hard right now for an app that could remove my makeup for me..somehow.. ceeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeebs
There needs to be an app that tells you what kind of clothes to wear instead of what temperature it is outside
The news needs to be an app to a #mongo replica set after a load test?
I wish there was an app to tell you what intersections are blocked by trains
I need an app to call internationally over the internet that doesn't suck and doesn't use all my data like Skype
I want an app that lets me have a virtual puppy to love and feed..my life is sad
Someone needs to invent an app to help me find an Aussie boyfriend.
In desperate need of an app that lets me download music cause I'll be going to Mexico tonight #ninehourcarride
I want an app that makes a giant mallet come out of my phone and smash me over the head when I'm about to do something stupid.
I wish there was an app that would tell me how long the ovens got left to cook instead of walking downstairs😫😂
We need an app for like people who are trying to go out tonight.. and can't find anyone to go with ... a friendship app.
Wishing there was an app that let me give anonymous feedback to sales reps. #infuriating #business
They need an app that tells a woman what they want to eat. The struggle is real
Are you that salty that you need an app to tell you who unfollowed you
I need an app that will bring me the goddamn remote from the far side of the sofa
I just need an app that will show me the prettiest way to drive not the fastest
i really need an app to make a gif to video
I need an app for where uber is banned at airports with the closet destination where uber can pick yp
Gotta put a chip in Beez. #findmyiphone #findmybestfriend need an app for this
Need an app that tells me when a new episode of a Tv show or Anime is out
Wish chimys had an app to tell me how long the line is
I need an app that will delete Kim Kardashian and the rest of them from me ever seeing/hearing news about them
I need an app that's like Tinder but for making friends
There needs to be an app to find the best country backroad boiled peanuts. #floridalife #mmmpeanuts
I wish there was an app to tell me the safest and least sketchy streets to walk in Brooklyn on nice breezy nights like this
I need an app that will keep my mind from thinking abt stuff so help
Needed an app for smartphone. Should start beeping when in company of a stupid person.
i wish they had an app that told you which bars are full of people still quoting Anchorman
I need an app that can make look like Dirty Sprite 2
I wish there was an app that gives you the cute guy's number from the party you regret not getting...
I wish there was an app that told you what time it is.
I need an app that would tell me if there are any concerts near me
i need an app that answers all my exams 💪🙌 pls
i want an app that warns me whenever they come online
Wish there was an app that would tell me where my jewellery was.. Sick of loosing my watch 😩
I wish their was an app that could make you breakfast and bring it to you in bed! 👍🏼
I wish there was an app that would allow you to make emojis that aren't offered. I.e. Middle fingers, trashcans, etc.
I wish there was an app that would look at my Steam library and tells me "Hey, you have that and never played it and it has great reviews!"
I need an app for lyrics hey
"There needs to be an app for that"
I need an app that doesn't let me get on snapchat on the days I'm drinking. 😂
Who else feels like we need an app to remind us which day which Youtuber posts videos 🙌🏼Someone please create this 👏🏼
i want an app for gifs to make a vine
I wish they had an app to tell you which bars are full of people still quoting anchorman
I wish there was an app that would photoshop me into everyone's Facebook love kissing and vacation photos.
Do we need an app to tell us to switch off? #wearables #apps
Someone needs to create an app that shuts down my iPhone from the hours of midnight till 8am..
I need an app that tells me which way the kickoff goes..😳😳😳😳😳 #partylikeajournalist #ineedfood #bullsUnite #goBull #usf
I need an app that filters out the opinions of middle aged white men on the refugee crisis
i wonder who be secretly lurking on my page 🌾👀🌾... wish they had an app for that.
Wish there were an app that allowed you to preview whats behind those 3 very mysterious loading dots before people censor themselves...
That moment when you have so many medications that you need a pill organizer and an app to remind you to take them.
I need an app that auto replaces "football" with the 😴 emoji every time it appears on my phone.
I need an app that stores pictures and needs a passcode to get in it
I want an app that utilizes a breathalyzer to determine whether or not I'm allowed to text. #yes
I wish there was an app to see who unfriends you on sc
I need an app for 'find my headphones'
Need an app for the iPhone that syncs fixtures to the calendar... Anyone??
I wish there was an app to let you know who else can't sleep at 5 am.
There needs to be an app to virtually send a benzo to someone in need
There needs to be an app to remove emojis and writing from snapchat pictures
I wish there was an app that could make all the hard decisions in life for me...
I wish there was an app to tell me where my keys are 😭😭
what we need is an app that connects all the Parafamily so we can have one giant conversation or even little mini conversations.
Someone needs to make an app to tell you how long a train is, like seriously
There needs to be an app that lets you remove verses from a song man
i need an app that shows my ghost followers on insta fts
There needs to be an app that tells you if you look a hot mess before you leave the house cause some of yall wardrobe choices are 🙅🏽🙅🏽🙅🏽
Seriously need some ideas for an app to make!! 50:50 on any profits made on it!! Any ideas??
If anybody wants a job go online and fill out an app for arrow sercuity its a really easy job (Columbus,Ohio) ($9.50 an hour)
Don't you wish there was an app that told people when you want them to leave you alone?
I wish there was an app that allowed me to correct punctuation and/or spelling on Twitter.
i need an app that shows me who has me muted
There needs to be an app that gets rid of all photoshop and editing and let's you see the original picture 👀💩 #Struggs #Exposed
I wish someone would just write an app to fill in those stupid captcha codes for you…
I need an app that brings back kikat notification.
I wish there was an app for smelling things because omg my house smells so good rn
they need an app for rpr
I need an app that turns my iPhone into a iFan. #hot #outdoorwedding
They need an app that tracks Mr. Softee
I don’t want to be an app that doesn’t have more about nothing on it … Simply doesn’t work for me
Also need an app that brews perfect lemon iced tea. Jeeeez.
really need an app that cache music off YouTube..
I needs an app that can delete all my past tweets
I need an app to save snaps that actually works.
There needs to be an app that gives some personal satisfaction to people when they refrain from saying something stupid.
iPhone needs an app that's like "hey Hannah, you added these contacts when you weren't sober"
Someone needs to build an app that monitors the set break and sends an alarm out at start for nap time! #Phish #Dicks #SetNap
Need there to be an App to make it easier to compare my friends to animals/objects
Who else wishes there was an app that could unsend texts?*
I need an app to meet new girls that wanna be friends😂😂😂 my circle is a little small🙍🏼
Remember that one time when we needed an app to use the iPhone light? Yeah, that was funny.
I want to create an app to rate sex in college about others
I can't believe some people need an app to tell them to save power by turning off lights and switches, plus using clothes line not dryer.
I need an app that tells me what to wear based on the weather report
Need an app for Netflix and chill #kanye2020
someone needs to come up with an app that lets you delete pictures you'v sent to an ex...when things go south just delet with one click...
I need an app to tell me all the new songs that will come out
i need an app that tells me where my glasses are when i'm too blind to find them
I really need to get me a passport! I'm online looking at weave, a bish need to be filling out an app for a passport 😂😂😂
I need an app for private photos 😁
Just need to be an app that has every song ever made on for free. No shuffle nor ad
I need an app that locks snapchat at night.
Need an app that shows where the bbq's and honeys at in the area.
I wish there was an app that you put in what eye shadow you have and it shows you different ways to use it.
I wish there was an app that shaved my legs for me.
Wish Pokemon would make an app for iPhone
I wish there was an app that would locate abandoned buildings near you
Still need an app to download free music😁
there needs to be an app that tells you how any followers are on insta, so you can know what the right time to post is!!!!!!
I need an app that tells me stuff about my sleeping schedule bc it's really messed up
They needa make an app that shows dealers near you
I need an app that can protect an individual chat and not the whole app.
Too bad there's not a lifting partner in my area. There really needs to be an app for that.
Someone needs to invent an app that puts people to sleep instantly. I'll pay millions for that.
I wish there was an app that automatically solves all word searches
I need to create an app that lets me correct grammar. Yeah. That'd be awesome.
I wish there was an app for blocking some problems from my life.
I need an app that continuously reminds me after every 5 mints that: "Phone Side me rakh k parh le bagairat"
Currently wishing there was an app to track every piece of missing clothing
there needs to be an app that'll tell you if a non-vegan restaurant has vegan options on their menu
There needs to be an app to help us identify amaQola before as'sebenze...
I seriously need an app that tells me who's number that is.. Bc random #'s always txt me:(
Somebody needs to create an app to tell me what to wear everyday
We need an app that replaces the word "millennial" with "da yoof" and "consumer" with "person"
My work blackberry’s camera is awful, can’t take photos of business cards. Wish it had an app to convert such photos to contact book entries
They need to make an app that tells us the temperature of class rooms.
I wish there was an app that let you change the names of characters in a book. #hessa #after
So we moved from website to apps.even rarely used thing have their apps.do we really need an app for everything.
i need an app that tells me a) which bars are playing which games and b) which bars aren't overrun by men
I wish their was an app to help locate my wallet
I wish they had an app to see who stalks you ona daily👀👀👀
I want to make an app for it.
I want an app that tells the quickest way to class with the most shade possible
Need an app to download music..
I wish there was an app that told me what music people are listening too
We need an app to shame people who dont wash their hands. Imagjne the entertainment that would come from people getting exposed as nasties
Sooo... They need an app to make friends 😩 #lonelyjen
I wish there was an app that recorded the number of people at the gym so you would know whether it was busy or not
I need to develop or find an app that tells me what to eat, cook, buy for dinner based on diet and local availability. #food
I need an app for making short notes that sits in the system tray and syncs between Macs, any suggestions?
I wish there was an app that tells you who lurks on ya page
Speaking of vamps, is anyone here fluent in strigoi? Their gurgling is so unsettling. We need an app for that.
Someone needs to make an app that locks you out of social media for a length of time to prevent distraction.
There needs to be an app to call an usher in the theatre to throw out rude, talkative movie goers.
I want an app that gives me a notification if harry is on twitter. lovethatidea
Someone needs to create an app that blocks you from using twitter while you are doing hw. Because I've been on number 7 for the past 10min..
There needs to be an app that finds missing books... In my house? #theresanappforthat
Someone needs to make an app that blocks social media while drinking. Guilty of 0 self control and using this instead of facing problems
First day of school and already had enough...I wish there was an app to rewind summer
I need an app that tells me how to make decisions in life
If you drink so much so consistently you need an app to know what you did and where you were last night just stop drinking
I need an app that blocks any pictures/articles about Kim Davis.She literally makes me sick to my stomach. #puke
I need an app that'll turn off the lights from bed
There needs to be an app that allows you to swipe &amp; match with someone who is awake &amp; down for a deep late night talk
Wish there was an app that intimated municipal authorities on pothole problems in Mumbai #noaction #taxpayersmoney
I need an app to put away those pictures 😪 about tired of seeing them 😒
i wish there was an app that would figure out my life for me
I wish there was an app that automatically blocked dick avis.
I just want an app that gives instant, yet fleeting self-satisfaction, with no work required and no strings attached. Oh yeah, Tinder.
I need to go home to fill an app for a dog that's more important then school
There needs to be an app that tells you how busy a gas station is 😐 #dieselprobs
I need an app that abruptly shuts my iPad down when it's time for me to get ready for work. #nomoreinternetforyou
I want an app that lets you turn off the internet with a button click and wont let you turn it back on until word count is hit for the day
i need an app that lets you know when people you're trying to avoid are nearby
They need to make an app that tells you where the nearest bathroom is
I wish there was an app to tell me how long Einstein's line is 😁
I want an app that can send me pickled onion Monster Munch via airstrike
Ima need an app to pick my lunch out for me
I need an App to remind me to carry my power bank.
In need of an app to make me look good in real.
there needs to be an app that lets you reveal no caller id numbers😩
A2: We saw a need for an app that did everything all in one place, and also offered couples beautiful, free wedding websites. #weddingmarket
Baseball is so boring that you need an app to make it fun.
I need to invent an app that shuts down all social media when im studying #procrastinationstation
I want an app that delivers coffee to me in bed. Why does this still not exist?
I wish their was an app to let you know what twitter users are within 100 feet of you.
I don't get how anyone would want an app that a band created like sounds stupid
I wish there was an app that told you how big the line is at Chipotle
I need an app to download songs from youtube , help
If he/she needs an app to spy on their significant other then what's the point of being in a relationship. No trust it's for sure a bust
I wish there was an app for writing papers!!!!
i wish there was an app that tells me who's muted me on twitter though i've already guessed
Really wish there was an app that just knew what type of music you like and shows all the songs that you would enjoy it sounds stupid but
We have become so disconnected that, we need an App to tell us how great we are.
People talk about people behind there back anyways who needs an app to do it?!
Mom: "what is hashtag? Do you need an app to do it?"
They need an app that tells you where all the cops are located in Fairbanks. Sneaky pigs always behind a bush
someone needs to make an app that denies me internet use unless I've had x hours of sleep and am able to function like a normal human
I wish they would make an app that lets you smell through the phone
I need an app that kicks me off social media at midnight.
I wish there was an app that turned WiFi on or off based on gps location
I need an app that writes essays for me.
They need to make an app for albums &amp; not mix tapes
Smartphone app world is tricky cause ideally, we all want an app that suits that one need k'phela.
I want an app that will tell me if my friends are on the same train as me but in a different carriage.
I wish there was an app that could read the timing of two peoples lives, so you can say just what they need to hear at the perfect time
I want an app that allows me to engage with influencers on social platforms
I need an app that not only tells me what the weather outside is like but also tells me what it is going to be like at school
I wish there was an app to update my sex life😕
I wish there was an app that would locate the nearest vending machine with Poptarts in them
I wish there was an app to get receipts 📝📝📝
I wish there was an app to unfollow all of activist Twitter for me. Yall really starting to blow mine.
Kelsey said we need an app that's called "track my f🙊cked up friend" 😂😂
there needs to be an app that shows me in real time how many people are in line at the Evans starbucks.
I need an app that blocks me from using my phone after 12mn. #firstworldproblems
They need to make an app that is a fan and it actually works and it can cool me off
I wish there was an app that could block text messages.
"They need to make an app that's like tinder but for friendship" hitting new lows
If anyone needs an app to help them schedule out studying so you're not overwhelmed download pomorodo !!!
There needs to be an app that tells you where you last placed an object or thing
Someone needs to invent an app that blocks pictures of spiders.
Hulu is great for current shows, Netflix is good for older shows/movies but we need an app to rent the new movies skip driving to the redbox
I wish there was an App that told you what to wear every morning. *sigh* #ThinkingOutloud
Someone needs to invent an app that changes all the clocks in the house to bedtime at the push of a smart phone button...
I wish there was an app that would let you check how busy restaurants are
I wish there was an app to match 5
There really needs to be an app for myconcordia to simplify my life
I wish there was an app that told me what everyone is listening to around me at the gym 🎧
I need an app that makes me food
They need an app for finding lost socks
I need an app for when my mom is ignoring important texts that plays a little kid's voice repeating "mom. mom. mom. mom. mom" over and over.
Wish there was an app that had air conditioning
I want to make an app that reminds you to eat pizza once a day.
I need an app to see who blocked me
There needs to be an app to find smashers who live near you that wanna play. Like a grindr for smash
Someone needs to create an app for when you're walking down a street &amp; you smell #pot, you can find out which house and if they'd share/sell
I really want to invent an app that keeps tabs on people who harass you from their cars. It'd be so simple, take a photo of their plates.
I need an app that'll tell you every departing flight from an airport
Wish there was an app that would filter out all of the sorority bid day posts
I need an app that controls all the lights in my room #yesimlazy
I wish there was an app to make me cold
I wish there was an app that prevented me from ever seeing or hearing about those trash Kardashian ever again!
Anyone who lives in California want an app that lets them play music for money ?
In fact..anyone in the United States want an app that will pay you to listen to music?
I want an app that will turn pictures into socialist realism-style posters.
I need an app for music that doesn't need wifi. Give me some peeps
I wish there was an app to save snapchats from other people?
#MeatBan too confusing: Need an App to tell us what/where/when we can eat meat. How about Meat-Up?
I need an app to track my daily number of sit-ups. Looking for something very simple; no bells and whistles. Happy to pay. Thoughts? Thanks!
I need an app that helps me figure out stupid people. What? It's called Facebook?
#MeatBan too confusing: Need an app to tell us where, what and when we can eat ... :D
I want an app to control my phone when it’s plugged into the speaker across the room. kthx.
I need an app to instantly tell me whether this is an A week or B week at my kid's high school. Get on that, Internet.
#kcpio someone needs to develop an App to track new apps
I need an app that auto-deletes my tweets after 10 minutes.
need an app that can get ira glass's voice to read ios documentation to me
Someone needs to invent an app that allows you to push a button and virtually punch the person you are talking to on the phone in the nose😡
I don't get why people feel the need to download an app to get a ton of likes on their Instagram picture😂
I wish there was a way to text or an app for taco trucks to put in my order
I wish there was an app that could just locate a tee, shoes or bucket hat
i need an app for ebooks pls recommend me some
I need an app that allows people to add/review/find stops along the interstate for playgrounds, bathrooms, kid-friendliness. #NapknAppIdea
I need an app that tells me all the Starbucks that are near my route in about to take.
Wish there was an app for excluding drivers that drive with both feet...I always get out of the car with an aching neck &amp; increased anxiety.
I desperately need an app that tracks my missing clothes and let's me know where they are
i'm in desperate need of an app that lets you play youtube videos in the background
Wish there was an app to pay all the parking tickets I've accumulated.
There needs to be an app that tells you how long until the end of a movie. Like #Shazam #pottybreaks
I wish there was an app that let me know how many leg hairs it would take to weave a six foot rope. It's for a friend.
Chipotle needs to make an app that tells you how long the current line is
I wish there was an app to help me tweet like Jayden Smith.
Still think there needs to be an app that shows you where all the food trucks are at any given moment.
There needs to be an app that blocks anything Kardashian/Jenner related from appearing on any social media website. #makeithappen
I wish there was an app to clean sweep my twitter from all the ads and bs
#CanYouBelieve some people need an app to find and play hashtag games, how pathetic fake points and fake scores.
I need an app that tells me what places are bumpin on the weekends
I need an app that plays running water so Alonzo can sleep all night
You definitely want to be an app to die if every news source wasn't like, step back and make sure it's not as a separate branch.
there needs to be an app that deep fries memes for you
i truly need an app to unfollow these 600 people on insta 😤
I need an app that will show me if the sunrise is worth getting out of bed to photograph or not. Smart people, please help! 🙏🏼😊
There needs to be an app that tells you how crowded the beach is
I need an app to jeep up with exos hair changes like really✌✌
I need an app to download music on :(
I need an app that can automatically track my co workers when I'm waiting on them for food
need an app to tell me who has muted me on Twitter :P
I need an app to encode image to base64 string! Like, right now! It's actually simple to code it, but I'm so goddang lazy!!
Online grocery shopping is soooo boring! Not as boring as trudging round the shop... but nearly! Need an app that orders from my whiteboard!
I need an app that replaces best video #vineedits
I need to get an app that won't let me post stuff when I'm mad
Wish there was an app to find parking for me
Wish there was an app to figure out what was going on in a woman's head...men everywhere would rejoice
need to create an app for boys that tracks their girlfriends period so they know what kinda drama they could potentially run into
i wish there was an app to tally up all the blocks put on you
Needs to be an app to remind people to reply to texts
I wish there was an app that changed me into a creeper
They need an app to detect sarcasm on Twitter haha
We need an app to show us the cheapest ticket available at the moment so we can do spontaneous travelling. ©
I need an app that will turn off my bedroom light without me having to get out of bed😅
i wish there was an app to make people stop talking about the apps they're developing
Seriously who wants an app on their phone that wants an app that pays them to play music . Earn up to $187 dollars/month.
I need to create an app for people who are wide awake in the middle of the night.
Launching #needa soon stay tuned its an app that does it all - from the region for the region
We need an app that clearly tell what is the calories values of each Indian food. Will be useful while visiting hotels...#DietControl
I need someone to create an app for me. Do any of you know someone who can do that for me. Ideally based out of Gurgaon. Thanks a bunch.
There needs to be an app for singing videos. I'm tired of seeing all these white girls who think they can sing.
I wish there was an app that could clean my house
They need to make an app that slaps people when they're about to put something stupid on social media.
Wish there was an app to manage tempers.
You need an app to play hashtag games. #FakeVideoGameFacts
I need an app to gather all my diff fantasy team lineups and show me live scoring on one screen. Someone do that.
Someone needs to come up with an App for ironing and washing dishes.
I need an app that will tell me when the laundry room is available.
Wish they had an app for membean👌🏽
I want an app that's like Spotify but isn't so expensive just to listen to music
I wish there was an app for finding a compatible roommate. #swiperight #escapingthesuburbs
Need an app for mobile painkiller delivery. The pain tho.
I wish there were an app that would let you delete Pitbull off of every song he's featured on
Constantly wondering why I'm single. They need an app for that.
No other school needs an app for communication
my dad: "I wish there was an app that would tell me what song I'm listening to" my cousin and I: "wait are you kidding?" him: "what?"
I want an app that pulls from all music content shared on twitter. Twitter had #music app but no longer. Does anyone know of a site or app?
I wish there was an app that tells you who the subtweet is about
I wish there was an app for locate my bonnet 😫
I want an app that notifies me whenever someone with my birthdate has died with a brief description of how they died.
I wish there was a how to Deal with mental Disorder 101 class or an App for this.....
I need an app to keep track of all my schadenfreude.
I need to invent an app that'll make me bread...
with web notifications now on Android, wonder if that will be the slow start of "I need an app for no reasons"
they need to make an app for tweetdeck to phones
i wish there was an app that people on my friends lists signed into when they can't sleep.
Need an app that downloads music from YouTube cause they got rid of the iTube app
When eachers ask for help, many are really wanting to know how mentally and emotionally to survive the day. They need an app for civility.
I need an app that lets me download music :/
if anyone wants to know an app that lets you look at the accounts who have blocked you hmu bc this app always has let me and it's marvelous
I need an app to find my lost headphones 🌚
they need an app to see where ya bus is .
Who wants to help me develop an app that helps gents come up with date ideas that don't suck and def. don't include "Netflix and Chill"?
Tf does Kylie Jenner need an app for, it isn't like she does anything life changing.
Need a way to create an app for my Ss. Any good help out there? #edchat #ohedchat #edtech #apps
I want an app that's basically just a demon butler
I want an app that allows me too see current wait times for restaurants, roller coasters, etc. based on mount of other users. #NapknAppIdea
There need to be an app that does resume work for you
I'm not thrilled with the "need an app for everything" trend. Yes, native is more powerful for some things, but not required for all. #dev
we need to make an app for hot men who aren't dickheads. And they have to be single. Preferably hairy. And bottoms. In short my kind of date
Serious question. Have you ever thought “I wish there was an app that…”?
Why the hell does kylie jenner need an app for? Like what does she actually do?
#TheSecretToBeingBadass is not needing fake points or an app to play hashtag games
I hate tindr bios that are like "you know why I'm here " to get laid ? You need an app for that ?
I wish there was an app that tells you if its going to rain all day or not.
Don't even need an app for music anymore 😈
i need an app to see who unfriends me on snapchat
I wish there was an app to find a mate. #MateApp
Who wants to help me create an app to find girlfriends? Tinder, but for friendship. Friender.
I wish there was an app that can feel when I’m having a great insight about life and writes it down for me..
Anyone want an app that pays you to play music ?
Someone needs to invent an app that shuts down my phone at like 11 and it doesn't reopen until 6 when my alarm goes off
Tf Kylie need an app for
Need an app to tell me how long the qdoba line is
i wish there was an app that unfollowed all the ugly accounts for u
My phone needs an app that locks all social media when I'm intoxicated
wish they had an app to help me decide what to eat 😒
I literally need an app to remind me to eat... or a boyfriend... or an assistant. &gt;_&lt; #youngtrep #startup #smh
there needs to be an app that keeps you from tweeting after downin a 40
I need an app that tells me when there are cops around while I'm driving
Someone needs to make an app that's like tinder but for making friends
They need to make an app that tells you which gas station has the cheapest gas
they needa make an app that you can post stuff so you're friends can see
#Facebook joins race to live videos. Will we have a winner? Or will we need an App to stream live videos to #YouTube, #Periscope... at once?
I wish there were an app to show you how you'd look if you were different races
If y'all need an app for helping you sleep try Mindifi. It costs $24 but has a free track or two. Also Insight Timer seems awesome.
There is satisfaction in being a programmer. There's no feeling of "I wish someone made an app that ______" because you can do it yourself.
Do we really need an app for taxi math? 😂
Need an app that tells you if anyone at the coffeeshop has pot on them
Needs to be an app to see where the postie is man
I wish there was an app that would tell me how long the lines were for the stores on campus #LowkeyJustTalkingAboutStarbcks
someone needs to come up with an app that tells us when the traffic light turns green.
Someone needs to develop an app that can identify spiders by taking a picture. #thatmightbevenomous
really need an app that filters out everything kardshn-related, does anyone know one or fools by troye sivan tayo?
I need an app to use for my classroom walks...Any suggestions?
I wish there was an app to find friends. Like tinder, but instead I'd match w/cool girls who like cool stuff instead of average looking guys
I wish there was an app that could put music right into my music library without costing money and having a limit
I need to get an app to see when people unfollow me on here 😊
I need an app that will boost the bass of my music
I want an app that lets you take a photo of any location, then select decades/centuries from the past to see what it looked like long ago.
What the hell do the Kardashians need an app for?
wtf do these kardashians need an app for?
I need an app to download twitter videos please
what do they even need an app for? to share their sugeons? i'd rather not.
They need an app that blocks social media usage while you're writing a paper
I wish someone would make an app that would auto-delete all the repeated tweets from my feed.
can someone please explain to me why you would ever need an app for any Kardashian, let alone all of them #wtf #societythesedays
I wish there was an app to tell me the location of vending machines on campus. #firstworldproblems
There needs to be an app for girls just here for #Dreamforce15 that live on the other side of the country.
Need to make an app that tracks the Ice Cream Truck location and sends notifications when it's near &amp; allows drive-by requests. #stayfrosty
I want an App to find apartment and flatmates. Desperate
I need an app that deletes all the unfollowers by itself
Wish there was an app to tell me if the gym is busy or not
I need an app to turn the lights off for me.
I need an app to get music that doesn't need Internet to work !!!!!!
There needs to be an app that does what snapchat stories do but shows them as a profile and they don't go away, each day you have a new one.
I need an app that will let me unfollow ghost followers for the free
I need an app that, with a single tap, will clear every notification from all my other apps.
#InMyDreamsI can't even see why you would need an app to play hashtag games
need to find an app to make my pics worse
I need there to be an app that alerts me when dark knight, fight club or inception is on and what channel
My dad wants me to download an app to video chat so he can know where I'm at 😂
i wish there was an app to preheat my oven.
There needs to be an app that detects any spiders in the area... Like a metal detector but for spiders
Showbox needs to be an app for the iPhone asap!
They need to make an app that refills my drink for me
I need an app to cut out whole veruses, or whole tracks except an intro #RapGameDoneChanged
They need to make an app to stick my dick through the phone for long distance relationships
Every Walmart needs an app that has a map of their store so you aren't searching the store for 30 minutes to find 1 item.
I wish there was an app to identify flowers
I need an app to save snapchats!!
Wish there was an app that told you what people are thinking.
i wish there was an app that allows you to unsend msgs 😩
my nephew's(8years)got a brillant idea.he wants to create an app for wishes for #refugees ... I'm in!
There needs to be an app to turn iPhones into walkie talkies.
"Years of analysis for a day of synthesis" wish there was an app for that
I wish there was an app that would help you find empty/abandoned parking lots.
My worst fear is needing to update an app to make it work again.
There needs to be an app that knows what clothes you have and plans outfits for you
My mom is throughly disgusted with the new snapchat filters... she said she doesn't need an app to look like the crypt keeper hahahahah
We need an app for Cheese lovers!!!
I wish there was an app that could undo the writing and effect on saved snapchats 😡😡
I need an app that will scan, save, and organize all my receipts, and then let me search them by items, store, date, or payment method.
need an app to stop and prevent all feels
I really need an app that texts me every time a food truck is in my area #fatty
We need an app that just tells you what to be outraged about today.
I need an app that measures my blood pressure and then locks me out of Twitter when it gets too high.
They need to create an app that can recall WhatsApp messages. #WrongGroup #TheShame #Whyyyyyy
I wish there was a way for there to be an app that lets you see what parking spaces are available on campus in real time
Their needs to be an app that reminds me to record all my shows for that night
I think we need an app that questions people's arguments and points out how stupid &amp; arrogant some people can be.
There needs to be an app that combines Google hangouts, WhatsApp and iChat. That would make life easier...
There needs to be an app that tells you when the best time to post an insta is
I seriously need to find an app that lets me download music 😒
Fk there needs to be an app that stops you from tweeting when inebriated
I wish x sport had an app to see which basketball court is packed or not
McDavid Cam. The Oilers need an app for that. McDavid all day. Every day.
I wish there was an app for making friends in my city and not just dating sites. I'll take friends over dating.
There needs to be an app that removes black hair ties from wrists
Need an app that can play music without wifi😒
It's kinda sad that night clubs are holding 'Tinder Parties'.. You're already in the club together, yet you still need an app to hook up?
I wish there was an app to reset my router instead of having to go upstairs to unplug it. It's 2015. Let's figure out an easier way already.
I wish there was an app that read bedtime stories
Need to create an app that knows what kind of music you need to listen too
I need an app for free music #replytweet
i need to find an app that'll let me watch tie on my xbox but life isnt that sweet tbh
Mxm!! Botswana post ya tsenwa. Why wud we need an app to purchase electricity? Are they mad?!?
I need an app that can auto delete numbers from my phone
I wish there was an app that can delete any moments when I'm being earnest from social media.
Dymen wants to save them to an app that's why I'm posting them
I need an app that tells me how long the Starbucks line is.
I need an app to unfollow my unfollowers.
They need an app that's similar to Spotify but for mix tapes.
I need to find an app that will show me what hair colors in missing out on because I'm never going to dye my hair til I'm grey but still
I need an app that blocks negativity from displaying on my phone
I need an app to tell me what food trucks are near me
I need an app that will find me the closest non-Stumptown, non-Starbucks coffee.
Wish there was an app that showed empty parking spots. That'd be so helpful
Wish there was an app that blocked any Kardashian/Jenner news from my phone!
A girl in my web design class wants to make an app to help Chinese students get into colleges in America :-) :-) :-)
Someone needs to make an app that lets you put in what you're feeling and what genre you would like to listen to and pull up songs for you
I wish there was an app that could uninstall children's ability to whine.
I want an app that will tell me the word count of published books. It would be so helpful.
The last thing some psycho burds need is an app to track folk fs what next
Wish there was an app that could provide one with decent pick up lines
They need to make an app that hacks into people's wifi
I want an app that listens like Shazam, but it tells you what language other people are speaking in. #Eavesdropping
I need an app that deletes anything Kardashian-related from all of my newsfeeds. Someone get on that.
Someone needs to create an app that gives people like me captions for Instagram pictures
Wish their was an app to help me pick selfies.😒😒 #basicaf
I wish there was an app to find friends
Someone needs to make an app that gives you wifi anywhere you go
need an app that tells me what slices dimos has made at the moment.
There needs to be an app that tells people how busy their gyms are.
Someone needs to invent an app for making friends of the same gender. Like Tinder for friends minus the creepiness
I want to make an app that tells you how long it's been since the last time Alex Smith threw a touchdown to a wide receiver.
I wish there was an app that got up out of bed to pee for you.
Wish there was an app for me to delete my contact information from someone else's phone. 📱
You definitely want to be an app to a wireless network in Windows 7.
Unsend a text......There really needs to be an app for that.
I wish there was an app that could detect where the decomposing dead mouse smell in my kitchen is coming from #bloodycat!
I need an app that tells me how long I'll be in line at Starbucks. Will it be 3 mins or 4 hours?
Need an app that tells me just when it is going to rain
They need an app that shows you exactly where the cops are within a 100 mile radius
We need an app to remove make up and filter to see what the photo really looks like.
Wish there was an app for find my wallet 😔😫 stinker!!
I need an app to hold all my pictures. Any suggestions?
We have gone so far in technology that folks need an app to record their stuff to look like it's from an old school camcorder?! 😐
They need an app to mute professors when that 50 minutes is up
Need an app to turn my light off when I'm in bed
I need an app that block certain people's calls and tells them that my phone is no longer in service 😭👌
I want an app that will un-powerpoint a slide. people don't talk in bulletpoints.
There needs to be an app to block yourself when you want to be a smart ass on social media but know it's not the best idea. #hoppeduponcafe
They need an app for finding keys
In a few months you all will have wished you knew how to make an app for me cause oooooo
someone needs to make an app that you and the papi's in traffic could just exchange numbers without having to get yell it across
I wish there was an app that could remove you're number off people's phones...the simple action of you texting me ,offends my being..👌
I need one of you tech geniuses to design an app for me. It will let me screenshot anything on my phone and make it colorable.
I really want an app that can turn any song I'm listening to into a lullaby.
Someone needs to create an app that writes hits
I wish there was an app to merge all social networks together
I wish there was an app that knew exactly what you wanted to listen to likeit knew what mood you're in and chooses a perfect station for u
I need an app that’ll let me discover cool new music…for the free
They need an app to find cuddle buddies
They need to make an app that will go to the kitchen and get me a piece of cake.
need an app to turn the air down from my bed
Someone needs to invent an app that filters out radio songs (or artists) based on current mood. #overyousamhunt
they need an app for any item you fear losing so like you put this tiny sticker thing on it where you can track by gps
need an app that tells me if there's space at the library now
"i need an app that blocks all things aldub related" "pastillas girl dapat iblock" "nobody talks about pastillas girl" "sabagay"
Someone needs to build an app, that has all manufacturers #erp on it
I need an app that'll delete my number off other people's phones, forever!
I wish there was an app for making me breakfast in bed. #wishfulthinking #lazymornings
I want to make an app for all desire paths.
need an app that tells me how long the wait is at Park Cafe or Ruth's
I need an App to help me keep track of my glasses...
Anyone want an app that let's you get paid to listen to music?.
I've been needing to delete an app to get space on my phone and twitter might just be it
I want to create an app that makes you think twice before tweeting. The name? Cautio.us.
wish there was an app to find my other shoe
When you want to buy an app for school. But it costs 25 bucks 😊😊😊😂
"I wish there was an app that tracked the bus" Bby girl it's called Google maps 😘
wish there was an app that could get rid of snapchat text bars
I need an app that has good filters that's easy to use!
I need an app that has an icon that looks like he's going to murder you and he knows where he's going to hide the body
my mom just learned about #tinder she is #outraged that teenagers need to use an app to date #suremomjustfordating...
I wish there was an app that hid peoples tweets when live blogging a show but un-hid them when they were back to being a normal human being.
I wish there was an app that could locate the clothes you can't find :)))
Wish there was an app that tells you where the nears 🔌 is...
Really wish there was an app to control my music on my pc with my phone while im in game
I wish there was an app that told you people's business because I'm nosey.
there running out of ideas for app like why do you need an app to call a freankin uber just call a taxi or hail a freakin cab
[ Other - Internet ] Open Question : Need a short description for an app that allows people to share their experiences ... something like…
I wish there was an app for finding someone to drive over to cuddle and not rape you. You know?
World needs an app that makes phones explode if you cross 1 selfie a day.
Cuffing season app? They needs to be an app for that
I need an app to unfollow over 300 people.
Need an app for radio #riseup
There needs to be an app that requires a breathalyzer to send a voicemail/text...
Do you need an app for this twitcast yolk 🎀
Need an app that allows others to enter their addresses....
I need an app for turning the hot water tap on in the bathroom upstairs 🛁
I wish there was an app to see who were all those people asking you anonymous questions on ask.fm
Somebody needs to develop an app that automatically mutes callers when listening to sports talk radio.
I wish there was an app that was like, "Hey! Here's a person who listened to Wake Up by Mac Miller 669 times as well!"
I need an app that lets me find girl friends
I need there to be an app to tell me if the gym is crowded or not first 😖
I need an app that keeps me from having to double back at the grocery store. #firstworldproblems
They need to invent an app that prevents you from receiving any news kardashian/jenner related
i need an app that tells me if shows have a cancer storyline in them.
I wish Grindr was an app that found me available sandwiches in my area.
In desperate need of an app that shows me the closest source of water. #lasttweet
Need an app to download music 😕
I need an app to unfollow my unfollowers. What's a legit one?
I wish there was an app for me just to ace my exam tomorrow. Yeah so just let me know!
I wish there was an app that told me how many people have me blocked. that's a statistic for my bio 👅
There needs to be an app that blocks people from tweeting when they're emotional.. but then what's the point of Twitter?
I need an app to let me know who is secretly in love with me. #thanks
I need an app that changes album covers.
I wish there was an app to check the temperature of the school cause yeah outside will be +28 tomorrow but the school will still be -45
I wish there was an app to trace all memes back to the original creator...maybe then, we could prevent sharing of ignorance. #dreams
Mum: Have you seen Mitchell's new app where he can do weird stuff with his face? Me: He doesn't need an app for that.
there needs to be an app for all these annoying cover/lip syncing and gay ass dance videos
Need an app that sends texts at certain times
I wish there was an app that showed you people who haven't interacted with you in x amount of months.
Wish there was an app to see what texts you sent a year ago. Would be interesting.
I need an app to draw on a picture
Wish someone created an app that listed in real time where the free food was on campus!!
Colleges need to invest in an app that keeps track of empty parking spots, you open it up &amp; see all the spaces that are empty. #IfOnly
I wish there was an app that smells scents for you or something and lets you know what someone is wearing.